University / Institute NameDepartment / Program
Graduation Internship Report
GoFit - Complete Fitness Mobile Application, Coach Marketplace, and Administration Platform
Figure 0.1: University and GoFit visual identity area
Field
Value
Prepared by
[TODO: insert official student full name]
Academic supervisor
[TODO: insert official academic supervisor name]
Professional supervisor
[TODO: insert official professional supervisor name]
Host organization
[TODO: insert official host organization details]
Academic year
2025 - 2026
Table 0.1: Report identification
Validation / Signature Page
This page is reserved for the official validation of the graduation internship report. It should include the signatures of the academic supervisor, professional supervisor, jury members, and any required institutional stamp.
Role
Name
Signature
Date
Academic supervisor
[TODO: official name]
[TODO: signature]
[TODO: date]
Professional supervisor
[TODO: official name]
[TODO: signature]
[TODO: date]
Jury president
[TODO: official name]
[TODO: signature]
[TODO: date]
Reviewer / examiner
[TODO: official name]
[TODO: signature]
[TODO: date]
Table 0.2: Validation signatures
Acknowledgements
I would like to express my sincere gratitude to my academic and professional supervisors for their guidance, feedback, and availability throughout this graduation internship. Their support helped me transform the GoFit project from a broad fitness platform idea into a structured mobile, web, and backend solution.
I also thank the teaching staff and all people who contributed directly or indirectly to this work. Their advice, technical observations, and encouragement helped me improve the quality of the analysis, implementation, and documentation.
Dedication
I dedicate this work to my family, friends, mentors, and everyone who supported me during my academic journey and internship period. Their confidence and encouragement were essential during the demanding phases of design, development, testing, and report writing.
Table of Contents
[TODO: generate the final Word table of contents after page numbering and final layout are validated.]
List of Figures
[TODO: generate the final Word list of figures after official diagrams and real screenshots are inserted.]
List of Tables
[TODO: generate the final Word list of tables after the final formatting pass.]
General Introduction
Digital fitness has become an important part of modern health and training habits. Users increasingly expect mobile applications to help them plan workouts, follow progress, manage nutrition, receive reminders, and access professional coaching from a single experience. At the same time, coaches need tools to organize clients, programs, bookings, communication, and session follow-up without relying on several disconnected platforms.
The GoFit project responds to this context by proposing a unified fitness platform. It combines an Expo/React Native mobile application, a Supabase backend, and a Next.js administration panel. The mobile application supports authentication, onboarding, workout planning, exercise library browsing, active workout sessions, rest timer management, progress monitoring, nutrition-related features, coach marketplace flows, bookings, chat, programs, and user preferences. The administration panel provides operational control over users, coaches, exercises, workouts, analytics, settings, and activity logs.
The project also includes an AI dimension. GoFit is not only a CRUD application; it integrates AI-assisted body measurement, adaptive workout recommendations, AI coach briefing preparation, and automation workflows. The body-measurement feature combines on-device pose estimation, segmentation, feature extraction, statistical estimation, and manual validation. The recommendation and briefing features use a language-model workflow through Groq and controlled backend contexts. In addition, AI coding tools, including Codex, were used during project construction to accelerate analysis, documentation, code review, debugging support, report generation, and architecture reasoning. MCP-style connected tools and plugins helped keep the work grounded in current project files, official documentation, local command outputs, document tooling, and backend/automation context. These tools did not replace engineering validation; they were used as supervised assistants within a human-controlled development workflow.
The main objective of the internship was to design, implement, and document a substantial software foundation for GoFit. The work included requirements analysis, Agile planning, database modeling, mobile and web development, backend integration, security considerations, testing, and deployment preparation.
The scientific and technical interest of the project lies in the combination of several software-engineering concerns: a cross-platform mobile interface, a web administration panel, a secure backend-as-a-service architecture, realtime communication, media and notification integrations, AI-assisted user features, and a documented Agile delivery process. The final system is therefore studied as a complete digital product rather than as an isolated mobile application.
This report is organized into six chapters. Chapter 1 presents the project context, problem statement, existing limitations, proposed solution, methodology, and modeling language. Chapter 2 describes Sprint 0, including actors, requirements, product backlog, Scrum organization, and global use case modeling. Chapters 3, 4, and 5 present the main development sprints: mobile foundation and workout core, progress and nutrition features, then coach marketplace and administration. Chapter 6 presents the working environment, architecture, technologies, deployment approach, and final validation. The report ends with a general conclusion, bibliography, and appendices.
1 Project Study
1.1 Project Context
GoFit is positioned in the digital fitness and coaching domain. The project targets users who want to organize training, monitor progress, and access fitness support through a mobile application. It also targets coaches who need a more structured way to present their services, follow clients, schedule sessions, and communicate. Finally, it includes an administration layer for managing content and platform operations.
The technical context is a multi-part product: an Expo/React Native mobile application for iOS and Android, a Next.js web administration panel, and a Supabase backend providing PostgreSQL, authentication, storage, and security policies. This architecture allows the project to separate mobile user experience, administrative workflows, and backend persistence.
1.2 Host Organization Presentation
The host organization or project environment supported the development of GoFit as a graduation internship project. The work was conducted with regular supervision, progressive validation, and a Scrum-inspired organization. The project owner and supervisors helped prioritize the scope around workout planning, progress tracking, coach marketplace flows, administration, and deployment preparation.
1.2.1 Presentation of the Company
[TODO: complete official host organization details: legal name, business area, services, target clients, structure, and supervising department.] In the current project material, GoFit is presented as the software product developed during the internship: a fitness platform dedicated to workout tracking, progress monitoring, coach marketplace workflows, AI-assisted support, and operational administration.
1.2.2 Company Logo
Figure 1.1: GoFit and host organization identity
1.3 Problem Statement
Many fitness users rely on several disconnected tools: one application for workout planning, another for nutrition, a spreadsheet for body measurements, messaging applications for coach communication, and separate calendars or payment tools for coaching sessions. This fragmentation reduces engagement, creates duplicated data entry, and makes long-term progress harder to understand.
For coaches, the issue is also operational. Managing client profiles, programs, bookings, messages, session packs, and progress follow-up across separate services increases administrative workload and reduces the quality of personalized support. Administrators also need a centralized interface to manage users, coaches, exercises, workouts, analytics, and platform content.
A second difficulty concerns personalization. Fitness applications often ask users to follow predefined programs without considering recent activity, readiness, goals, progress, or coach context. Coaches may personalize plans manually, but this becomes time-consuming as the number of clients grows. GoFit therefore investigates AI-assisted recommendations and AI-generated coach briefings to support decision-making while keeping the coach and user in control.
A third difficulty concerns body-progress tracking. Users often want visual and numerical feedback about body evolution, but manual tape measurements are irregular and progress photos are hard to interpret objectively. Computer vision can help extract pose and silhouette indicators, but it also introduces technical constraints: photo quality, camera angle, clothing, segmentation quality, privacy, model performance, and the fact that consumer photos cannot produce perfect circumference measurements without validation.
1.4 Study of Existing Conditions
Existing fitness solutions often focus on only one part of the user journey. Workout applications generally provide templates and logging, nutrition applications focus on meals and calories, and coaching platforms often specialize in booking or messaging. Although these tools may be strong individually, they do not always provide a coherent end-to-end experience for users, coaches, and administrators.
Manual processes also remain common. Coaches may use spreadsheets, messaging apps, calendar tools, and external payment links. Users may manually enter measurements and training notes without automated reminders, dashboards, or coach visibility. These conditions motivated the design of a more integrated GoFit platform.
Area
Common existing approach
Observed limitation
GoFit response
Workout tracking
Standalone apps with fixed programs and session logs.
Limited connection with coach follow-up, bookings, and personalized marketplace services.
Integrated workout library, custom workouts, active sessions, rest timer, history, and coach program context.
Coach management
Spreadsheets, messaging apps, calendars, and manual notes.
Client information is scattered and difficult to operationalize.
Coach dashboard, clients, notes, programs, bookings, packs, chat, and AI session briefing.
Progress tracking
Manual body measurements, isolated progress photos, and simple charts.
Users may forget to measure, enter inconsistent values, or fail to interpret visual changes.
Progress screens, body-measurement workflow, quality checks, draft AI values, and manual correction.
Administration
Direct database access or disconnected back-office tools.
Risky operations, weak visibility, and no clear operational dashboard.
Next.js admin panel with protected routes, user/coach/content management, settings, and analytics.
AI assistance
Generic prompts or no AI support.
Recommendations may be disconnected from real user data and unsafe if not scoped.
Backend-controlled prompts using profile, workout, coach, booking, and note context with human review.
Table 1.3: Existing-condition analysis
1.5 Limits and Inconveniences of Existing Solution
Fragmented experience across workout, nutrition, progress, booking, payment, and messaging tools.
Limited coach-client connectivity and weak operational visibility for coaches.
Manual progress tracking and reduced accuracy for body measurements.
Lack of centralized administration for users, coaches, exercises, workouts, analytics, and settings.
Difficulty maintaining consistent data security and access control when several tools are used.
1.6 Proposed Solution
The proposed solution is GoFit, a complete fitness platform composed of three main parts. The first part is a cross-platform mobile application built with Expo and React Native. It supports authentication, onboarding, user profile management, workout planning, exercise browsing, active workout sessions, rest timers, progress monitoring, nutrition-related features, coach marketplace flows, bookings, chat, and personalization settings.
The second part is a Next.js administration panel. It allows administrators to manage users, coaches, exercises, workouts, transactions, settings, notifications, and activity logs. The third part is a Supabase backend that provides authentication, PostgreSQL database, storage, realtime capabilities, and row-level security.
The solution also includes AI-assisted services. On the client side, body measurement uses pose detection, segmentation, feature extraction, and statistical estimation to generate editable draft measurements. On the recommendation side, GoFit uses controlled language-model prompts to propose workout recommendations and prepare session briefings for coaches. On the operational side, n8n workflows prepare automated coach notes and administrative digests by combining Supabase data with Groq-generated summaries.
Layer
Main responsibility
Representative components
Mobile client layer
Daily user and coach experience.
Authentication, onboarding, workouts, sessions, rest timer, progress, nutrition, coach marketplace, bookings, chat, programs, video screen.
AI and automation layer
Assist measurement, recommendation, briefing, and operational follow-up.
MediaPipe, MoveNet, segmentation service, Groq LLM prompts, n8n AI session prep, admin operations digest.
Administration layer
Platform monitoring and data management.
Dashboard, users, coaches, exercises, workouts, transactions, notifications, settings, analytics, activity logs.
Backend layer
Persistent data, access control, realtime communication, and privileged operations.
Supabase Auth, PostgreSQL, RLS, Storage, Realtime, Edge Functions, migrations, service-role server operations.
External integration layer
Specialized external services that should remain isolated behind controlled interfaces.
Expo Push, LiveKit video, optional media/storage providers, Groq API, hosting/build platforms.
Table 1.4: Proposed-solution modules
1.7 Adopted Development Methodology and Modeling Language
The project was organized using an Agile approach inspired by Scrum. This choice was appropriate because the product scope includes several connected modules and required regular adaptation after technical discoveries, UI/UX decisions, and backend constraints.
1.7.1 Comparison Between Traditional and Agile Methodologies
Criterion
Traditional methodology
Agile methodology
Planning
Most planning is completed before implementation starts.
Planning is refined continuously sprint by sprint.
Change management
Changes are costly and often delayed.
Changes can be integrated into the backlog.
Delivery
The product is delivered near the end of the project.
Working increments are delivered regularly.
Fit for GoFit
Less suitable because mobile, backend, and admin needs evolved during implementation.
Suitable because GoFit modules can be implemented and validated incrementally.
Table 1.1: Comparison between traditional and agile methodologies
1.7.2 Comparison Between Scrum and Kanban
Criterion
Scrum
Kanban
Cadence
Time-boxed sprints with planning and review.
Continuous flow without fixed sprint boundaries.
Roles
Product Owner, Scrum Master, and Development Team.
No mandatory roles.
Artifacts
Product backlog, sprint backlog, increment.
Visual board and work-in-progress limits.
Choice for GoFit
Selected because the internship had planned increments and deadlines.
Useful for task visualization but less structured for academic reporting.
Table 1.2: Comparison between Scrum and Kanban
1.7.3 Scrum
Scrum was used to structure the work into fixed iterations. The product backlog listed major GoFit features, each sprint selected a coherent subset, and each increment targeted a working part of the product. Sprint reviews and retrospectives supported feedback and improvement.
Figure 1.2: Scrum flow used for GoFit
1.7.4 Modeling Language / UML
UML was selected to model requirements and system design. Use case diagrams describe actors and system functions, class diagrams describe structural relationships, sequence diagrams describe interactions, and deployment diagrams describe the runtime environment.
1.8 Conclusion
This chapter presented the GoFit project, its context, problem statement, existing limitations, proposed solution, methodology, and modeling language. The next chapter presents Sprint 0, where requirements and project organization are formalized.
2 Sprint 0
Sprint 0 prepared the project before feature implementation. It clarified actors, requirements, backlog organization, sprint planning, and the global functional perimeter of GoFit.
2.1 Needs Assessment
2.1.1 Identification of Actors
Actor
Type
Description
Mobile user / client
Primary
Uses the mobile application to manage profile, workouts, nutrition, progress, bookings, packs, programs, and communication.
Coach
Primary
Creates a coach profile, manages clients, programs, session packs, availability, bookings, check-ins, and chat.
Administrator
Primary
Uses the web admin panel to manage users, coaches, exercises, workouts, transactions, notifications, settings, and analytics.
Supabase
External system
Provides authentication, PostgreSQL database, storage, realtime features, edge functions, and row-level security.
Payment/video/push services
External services
Support planned or implemented communication, notification, and marketplace capabilities.
Table 2.1: Identification of actors
2.1.2 Functional Requirements
ID
Requirement
Actor
Priority
FR-01
Register, sign in, reset password, and manage authenticated sessions.
Mobile user / Coach / Admin
High
FR-02
Complete onboarding and maintain personal profile, goals, units, preferences, and measurements.
Mobile user
High
FR-03
Browse exercise library, view details, create custom workouts, and start workout sessions.
Mobile user
High
FR-04
Track active workout progress with sets, reps, weights, rest timer, and workout summary.
Mobile user
High
FR-05
View progress statistics, body measurements, consistency, and workout history.
Mobile user
High
FR-06
Use marketplace features to find coaches, book sessions, buy packs, receive programs, and chat.
Mobile user / Coach
Medium
FR-07
Allow coaches to onboard, manage clients, create programs, define availability, and follow check-ins.
Coach
Medium
FR-08
Allow administrators to manage users, coaches, exercises, workouts, transactions, notifications, settings, and analytics.
Administrator
High
Table 2.2: Functional requirements
2.1.3 Non-Functional Requirements
ID
Category
Requirement
NFR-01
Security
Authentication must be handled through Supabase Auth and data access must respect RLS policies.
NFR-02
Performance
Mobile screens, lists, and admin pages must remain responsive during repeated daily use.
NFR-03
Maintainability
The codebase must separate screens, components, services, stores, navigation, and database migrations.
NFR-04
Usability
Workout, progress, coach, and admin flows must include clear navigation, loading states, and error messages.
NFR-05
Scalability
The database model must support native workouts, custom workouts, sessions, coaches, clients, messages, and admin growth.
Table 2.3: Non-functional requirements
Requirement interpretation: The non-functional requirements are especially important for GoFit because the platform manipulates personal fitness data, progress photos, coach-client communication, and privileged administration actions. Security, privacy, reliability, and transparency therefore have the same importance as the visible mobile screens.
Constraint
Reason
Design decision
Human review of AI outputs
AI-generated body measurements and coach summaries can be wrong or incomplete.
Measurements are shown as draft values; coach briefings are assistance notes, not automatic decisions.
No medical diagnosis
Fitness data and photos should not be interpreted as clinical information.
The report and application position AI as progress support only.
Scoped prompts
Language models can hallucinate if asked open-ended questions.
Prompts use only selected profile, workout, booking, note, and check-in data.
Service-role protection
Automations and admin workflows need privileged access.
Service-role keys remain in backend/n8n/server contexts, never in the mobile app.
On-device CV preference
Photos are sensitive user data.
Pose and segmentation are designed primarily for local/native processing where feasible.
Table 2.4: AI and privacy constraints
2.2 Project Structure and Management with Scrum
2.2.1 Scrum Team
Role
Assigned person
Responsibility
Product Owner
Supervisor / project owner
Prioritizes needs and validates the business value of GoFit features.
Scrum Master
Student / supervisor
Organizes sprint rhythm, removes blockers, and tracks progress.
Development Team
Student / team members
Designs, implements, tests, and documents the mobile app, backend, and admin panel.
Stakeholders
Academic and professional supervisors
Review increments and provide feedback.
Table 2.5: Scrum team
2.2.2 Product Backlog
ID
Epic / User story
Priority
Planned sprint
PB-01
As a user, I want secure authentication and onboarding.
High
Sprint 1
PB-02
As a user, I want to create, schedule, and execute workouts.
High
Sprint 1
PB-03
As a user, I want an exercise library and workout history.
High
Sprint 1
PB-04
As a user, I want to track progress, measurements, and nutrition.
High
Sprint 2
PB-05
As a coach, I want onboarding, profile, client management, programs, bookings, and chat.
Medium
Sprint 3
PB-06
As an administrator, I want dashboard, user, coach, exercise, workout, transaction, notification, and settings management.
High
Sprint 3
PB-07
As the platform owner, I want deployment, monitoring, and release preparation.
High
Closing phase
Table 2.6: Product backlog
The GoFit backlog was not limited to a simple workout tracker. It was organized as a multi-module platform that covers the client experience, the coach experience, the administration experience, and the backend services required to connect them. The project inventory identifies more than two hundred functional items distributed across mobile client features, coach features, admin-panel features, backend functions, database migrations, realtime communication, storage, notification, and AI-assisted progress tracking.
Module
Main features
Implementation elements
Authentication and onboarding
Registration, login, session persistence, password reset, protected navigation, onboarding screens, profile creation, goals, units, preferences, and role-aware flows.
Supabase Auth, Expo Secure Store, auth store, protected navigators, user_profiles table, onboarding state.
Workout planning and execution
Exercise library, custom workouts, native workouts, day splits, workout builder, session tracking, sets, reps, weights, duration, workout summary, and history.
Exercises, workouts, workout_exercises, workout_sessions, workout services, Zustand stores, active-session screens.
Enhanced rest timer
Start, pause, resume, warning intervals, haptic feedback, audio cues, auto-advance settings, persistent timer preferences, and background-aware behavior.
Timer preferences, mobile UI controls, audio/haptic APIs, workout session integration.
Progress and measurements
Progress charts, workout statistics, consistency, body measurements, progress photos, AI-assisted draft measurements, manual correction, and validation notes.
Body measurement service, MediaPipe native module, MoveNet fallback, segmentation service, measurement tables.
Nutrition and saved meals
Nutrition logging foundations, saved meal management, meal item editing, reusable food entries, and history views where enabled.
Nutrition screens, saved meal services, local and Supabase-backed persistence.
Coach marketplace
Coach discovery, coach profiles, onboarding, certification/CV upload, pending validation, session packs, bookings, availability, client list, check-ins, programs, chat, video-session preparation, wallet, and settings.
Coach profile tables, marketplace screens, booking services, realtime chat, storage uploads, LiveKit token function where applicable.
Administration panel
Dashboard statistics, user management, coach validation, exercise/workout management, transactions, notifications, settings, activity logs, search, import/export, analytics, and protected admin routes.
Next.js App Router, server-side Supabase admin client, middleware, shadcn-style components, admin routes.
Backend and integrations
Authentication, PostgreSQL database, row-level security, storage, realtime messaging, push notifications, video-token generation, edge functions, migrations, and deployment configuration.
Supabase Auth, RLS policies, Edge Functions, Storage buckets, Realtime channels, Expo Push, environment variables.
Table 2.7: Detailed feature modules of GoFit
Product area
Approximate feature count
Examples
Mobile client
116
Authentication, onboarding, workouts, active sessions, rest timer, progress, measurements, nutrition, marketplace access, bookings, programs, chat.
Mobile coach
35
Coach onboarding, profile, dashboard, clients, client progress, notes, programs, calendar, availability, wallet, settings.
Admin panel
55
Dashboard, users, coaches, exercises, workouts, transactions, notifications, settings, analytics, imports/exports, activity logs.
Backend / Edge Functions
43
Database migrations, RLS, storage, realtime chat, push notification relay, video-token generation, AI measurement function support.
Table 2.8: Feature coverage by product area
To avoid documenting only planned features, the report also uses a source-tree audit. The implementation evidence was taken from the actual repository areas: mobile screens, mobile services, Zustand stores, admin routes, Supabase Edge Functions, SQL migrations, and exported n8n workflow JSON files. This makes the report closer to the real GoFit product rather than only a theoretical project description.
Repository area
Implemented coverage identified
Report sections affected
GoFitMobile client screens
Authentication, onboarding, home, workout library, exercise selection, workout detail, workout builder, active session, workout summary, calendar/timeline, progress statistics, records, consistency, progress photos, body measurement, profile, settings, goals, units, themes, text size, health sync, habits, notifications, marketplace, coach detail, booking, packs, programs, nutrition, barcode food lookup, and check-ins.
Sprints 1 and 2, mobile realization, AI/computer-vision sections, final validation.
GoFitMobile coach screens
Coach welcome, login, signup, onboarding, CV upload, certifications, pending review, profile preview, dashboard, client list, client detail, client progress, notes, check-ins, calendar, availability, profile, settings, wallet, conversations, chat, pack creation, session packs, programs, program builder, and video-call screen.
Sprint 3 coach marketplace, coach management, communication, video, pack and program sections.
Mobile services and stores
Services for auth, profile, workouts, sessions, statistics, plans, exercises, body measurements, segmentation, measurement logging, photos, nutrition, health sync, habits, readiness, notifications, marketplace, bookings, coach profiles, client management, check-ins, chat, calendar, AI session notes, programs, packs, wallet, video calls, recommendations, and milestones. Stores manage auth, booking, calendar, chat, coach/client state, health, language, marketplace, onboarding, packs, programs, sessions, text size, theme, timer, UI, workouts, nutrition, daily coach, and wallet state.
Architecture, maintainability, non-functional requirements, realization, and testing sections.
Admin panel
Protected login, dashboard, workout/exercise CRUD, users, user details, coach management, certifications, transactions, settings, notifications, activity logs, BI snapshot/export/saved views/scheduled digests, imports, bulk operations, health endpoints, and route access checks.
Sprint 3 administration, backend security, deployment, and final QA.
Supabase Edge Functions
Push-notification relay, AI workout recommendation, video-token generation, food-barcode lookup, AI session notes, and shared CORS/runtime support.
Backend services, AI features, notifications, video calls, nutrition, and deployment.
Database migrations
Authentication support tables, workouts, sessions, native workout structures, nutrition, saved meals, barcode attribution, progress photos, health data, recovery/readiness, rest timer preferences, notification preferences, marketplace, coach profiles, bookings, packs, wallet transactions, chat, check-ins, AI templates/session notes, BI views, admin settings, admin notifications, audit logs, and RLS/security optimization.
Data model, security, backend, feature coverage, architecture, and deployment.
n8n workflow exports
AI Session Prep v1, Booking Reminders v1, Check-in Reminders v1, Coach Daily Digest v1, and Admin Ops Digest v1.
Sprint 3 automation, Chapter 6 n8n automation layer, appendices, validation checklist.
Testing and quality docs
Mobile Jest tests for services/stores, admin route and API validation notes, Supabase advisor remediation notes, body-measurement validation protocol, and report-generation audits.
Sprint tests, final validation, remaining work, and academic transparency.
Table 2.9: Source-based implementation coverage
2.2.3 Sprint Planning
Report sprint
Calendar source
Main goal
Main deliverables
Sprint 1
26 Jan - 9 Mar 2026
Foundation and workout core
Requirements, UI/UX, setup, authentication, profile, workout planner, rest timer.
Sprint 2
9 Mar - 20 Apr 2026
Advanced mobile tracking
Calendar, exercise library, progress tracking, notifications, body measurement groundwork.
Sprint 3
20 Apr - 29 Jun 2026
Coach marketplace and administration
Coach onboarding, marketplace, packs, bookings, chat, programs, admin panel and tests.
Table 2.10: Sprint planning used in this report
Figure 2.1: Gantt chart summary of GoFit development
2.2.4 Global Use Case Diagram
Figure 2.2: Global use case diagram
Mermaid global use case diagram draft
flowchart LR  U[Mobile user] --> A((Manage account and profile))  U --> W((Plan and execute workouts))  U --> P((Track progress and measurements))  U --> M((Browse coaches and book sessions))  C[Coach] --> CP((Manage coach profile))  C --> CL((Follow clients and programs))  C --> B((Manage bookings and session packs))  AD[Administrator] --> ADM((Manage users, coaches, content, analytics))  SB[Supabase backend] --> AUTH[(Auth, database, storage, realtime, Edge Functions)]  A --> AUTH  W --> AUTH  P --> AUTH  M --> AUTH  CP --> AUTH  CL --> AUTH  B --> AUTH  ADM --> AUTH
2.3 Project Management
The project was managed through a backlog and sprint-based organization. Technical work was divided between the mobile app, web admin panel, database migrations, backend functions, documentation, testing, and deployment preparation. The repository structure itself supports this organization through separate folders for GoFitMobile, admin-panel, database, and docs.
The project management approach also included technical documentation as a project artifact, not as an afterthought. The repository contains architecture notes, feature inventories, sprint breakdowns, troubleshooting reports, database structure documentation, admin-panel notes, body-measurement research, validation protocols, and automation workflow descriptions. This documentation helped connect implementation choices to report sections and made it possible to justify complex AI and backend decisions.
Artifact type
Purpose in the project
Examples of information captured
Architecture documentation
Explains the global system structure and deployment view.
Mobile app, admin panel, Supabase backend, Edge Functions, external services, diagrams.
Feature inventory
Lists implemented screens, services, routes, functions, and database artifacts.
Client features, coach features, admin features, backend functions, migrations, integrations.
Sprint and Gantt documentation
Connects implementation work to Agile planning.
Sprint dates, objectives, deliverables, dependencies, release preparation.
AI research notes
Records model decisions, tests, limitations, and validation needs.
MoveNet, MediaPipe Pose Landmarker, segmentation models, feature vectors, statistical estimator.
Automation documentation
Explains scheduled and event-driven backend workflows.
n8n AI session preparation, admin operations digest, notification creation.
Academic/report drafts
Transforms engineering material into PFE reporting structure.
Problem statement, methodology, report plan, diagram drafts, bibliography entries.
Table 2.11: Project documentation artifacts
Conclusion
Sprint 0 established the functional and technical base of the project. It clarified actors, requirements, backlog priorities, sprint grouping, and the global use case perimeter. The next chapter presents Sprint 1, focused on the mobile foundation and core workout features.
3 Sprint 1
Sprint 1 focused on the GoFit foundation: project setup, authentication, onboarding, profile management, workout planning, workout session execution, and the enhanced rest timer.
This chapter documents sprint 1 as an engineering increment rather than as a simple list of implemented screens. It presents the sprint objective, selected backlog, structural model, refined use cases, sequence flow, implementation choices, validation matrix, and burn-down interpretation.
3.1 Needs Assessment
The sprint needs were selected from the product backlog according to dependency order, user value, and technical feasibility.
Sprint objective: Sprint 1 focused on the GoFit foundation: project setup, authentication, onboarding, profile management, workout planning, workout session execution, and the enhanced rest timer.
3.1.1 Sprint Backlog
ID
Task
Priority
Result
S1-01
Set up Expo/React Native, Next.js, Supabase, repository structure, and environment variables.
High
Completed foundation
S1-02
Implement authentication, onboarding, profile management, and protected navigation.
High
Mobile auth flow ready
S1-03
Implement workout templates, exercise configuration, workout sessions, and rest timer.
High
Workout core functional
S1-04
Persist workout data through Supabase services and Zustand stores.
High
Mobile/backend connection validated
Table 3.1: Sprint 1 backlog
3.1.2 Sprint Class Diagram
Include classes/entities such as UserProfile, Workout, WorkoutExercise, Exercise, WorkoutSession, TimerPreferences, AuthService, WorkoutService, and WorkoutStore.
Figure 3.1: Class diagram of Sprint 1
Mermaid class diagram draft for Sprint 1
classDiagram  class UserProfile { id; goal; preferences; onboarding_status }  class Workout { id; name; difficulty; owner_id }  class Exercise { id; name; muscle_group; equipment }  class WorkoutExercise { workout_id; exercise_id; order; sets; reps }  class WorkoutSession { id; workout_id; started_at; completed_at; summary }  class TimerPreferences { rest_seconds; warnings_enabled; auto_advance }  UserProfile "1" --> "*" Workout  Workout "1" --> "*" WorkoutExercise  Exercise "1" --> "*" WorkoutExercise  Workout "1" --> "*" WorkoutSession  UserProfile "1" --> "1" TimerPreferences
3.2 Functional Specification of Requirements
This section specifies the sprint use cases and explains how the selected actors interact with the GoFit system.
3.2.1 Refined Use Case Diagram of Sprint 1
Actors: Mobile user and Supabase. Use cases: sign up, log in, complete onboarding, manage profile, browse workouts, create workout, start session, track sets, use rest timer.
Figure 3.2: Refined use case diagram of Sprint 1
Mermaid refined use case diagram draft for Sprint 1
flowchart LR  U[Mobile user] --> Login((Sign up / sign in))  U --> Onboard((Complete onboarding))  U --> Profile((Manage profile))  U --> Build((Create workout))  U --> Session((Execute workout session))  U --> Timer((Use rest timer))  Session --> Save[(workout_sessions)]
3.2.2 Use Case Analysis
Field
Description
Use case
Authenticate and complete onboarding
Main actor
Mobile user
Preconditions
The user has installed the GoFit mobile application and has access to an email/password or an existing account.
Postconditions
An authenticated session is stored, the user profile is created or updated, and the user is routed to the appropriate application area.
Nominal scenario
The user opens the application, signs up or signs in, completes required onboarding fields, saves preferences, and reaches the protected home screen.
Alternative scenario
If the user already completed onboarding, the application bypasses onboarding and opens the protected navigator.
Exception scenario
If credentials are invalid or the network request fails, the application keeps the user on the authentication screen and displays a recoverable error.
Table 3.2: Detailed use case - Authenticate and complete onboarding
Field
Description
Use case
Execute and save a workout session
Main actor
Mobile user
Preconditions
The user is authenticated and a workout template or custom workout exists.
Postconditions
The workout session summary is saved with duration, performed exercises, set data, and notes.
Nominal scenario
The user opens a workout, starts the session, completes sets, uses the rest timer between sets, finishes the workout, reviews the summary, and saves it.
Alternative scenario
The user edits set values, skips an exercise, pauses the timer, or exits before saving the final summary.
Exception scenario
If persistence fails, the application must keep the local session state and show an error so the user does not lose workout data.
Table 3.3: Detailed use case - Execute workout session
Show login or workout-session flow: user action -> mobile screen -> Zustand store -> service layer -> Supabase -> UI update.
Figure 3.3: Sequence diagram of key use case
Mermaid sequence diagram draft for Sprint 1
sequenceDiagram  actor User  participant Screen as Workout Session Screen  participant Store as Workout Store  participant Service as Workout Service  participant DB as Supabase backend  User->>Screen: Start workout  Screen->>Store: Initialize active session  User->>Screen: Complete set and rest  Screen->>Store: Update session state  User->>Screen: Finish workout  Store->>Service: Persist summary  Service->>DB: Insert workout_sessions row  DB-->>Screen: Return saved session
3.3 Realisation
The mobile foundation was implemented with Expo SDK 54 and React Native. Navigation separates authentication, onboarding, client app, and coach app flows.
Authentication uses Supabase Auth. The session is mirrored in the auth store, and protected navigation redirects users according to authentication and onboarding state.
The workout model separates templates from execution logs. Workouts and exercises are configured before execution, while workout_sessions store actual completed activity.
The enhanced rest timer includes animated display, audio and haptic feedback, warning intervals, auto-advance configuration, and persisted preferences.
[TODO: Insert screenshot of mobile authentication screen]
[TODO: Insert screenshot of workout session interface]
Figure 3.4: Realisation summary of Sprint 1
3.3.1 Mobile Foundation and Navigation
The first implementation challenge was to create a stable mobile foundation that could support both client and coach experiences. The application was structured around authentication screens, onboarding screens, protected app navigators, profile flows, and domain-specific feature stacks. This foundation is important because the rest of the product depends on role-aware routing: a visitor should not reach protected screens, an incomplete profile should be redirected to onboarding, and coach-specific flows should remain separated from standard client flows.
State management was organized with stores so that authentication state, profile state, workout state, timer preferences, and user settings could be reused across screens without duplicating logic. Service files were used to isolate communication with Supabase and local modules. This separation makes the mobile code easier to test and maintain because UI components do not directly contain all persistence logic.
Component
Role
Implementation detail
Authentication flow
Protects access to user data and feature screens.
Supabase Auth, session persistence, auth store, protected navigation, login/signup/reset screens.
Onboarding flow
Collects first profile information and directs users to the right experience.
Profile setup, goals, preferences, role-aware continuation, user_profiles persistence.
Navigation structure
Organizes the application into coherent areas.
Auth navigator, onboarding navigator, client app navigator, coach app navigator, modal/detail screens.
Service layer
Centralizes data access.
Supabase client calls, typed methods, error handling, loading states, reusable domain services.
UI component base
Creates reusable screens and controls.
Buttons, cards, lists, forms, empty states, loading indicators, timer controls, workout cells.
Table 3.4: Sprint 1 implementation components
3.3.2 Workout Core and Rest Timer
The workout core was implemented around the distinction between a workout template and an executed workout session. A workout template defines the exercises, order, difficulty, target muscle groups, and expected configuration. A workout session records what the user actually performed: start time, completion time, sets, reps, weights, notes, duration, and summary data. This separation is essential because the same workout can be performed many times while producing different session histories.
The rest timer was treated as a real workout tool rather than a decorative countdown. It includes start, pause, resume, warning cues, haptic feedback, audio cues, auto-advance options, and persisted preferences. This improves usability during training because users often interact with the timer under fatigue and need clear feedback without navigating away from the session.
Step
User action
System behavior
1
User selects or creates a workout.
The app loads workout metadata, exercise list, and saved configuration.
2
User starts a session.
A session state is initialized with start time, current exercise, set counters, and timer preferences.
3
User completes sets.
The app records repetitions, weights, rest periods, and exercise completion state.
4
Rest timer runs between sets.
Timer UI, haptics, audio cues, warning intervals, and auto-advance settings are applied.
5
User finishes the workout.
Summary values are calculated and stored in workout_sessions for progress screens.
Table 3.5: Workout-session data flow
3.4 Sprint Tests
The following validation matrix avoids declaring success without evidence. When a screenshot, terminal output, or exported test report is missing, the evidence cell explicitly marks the remaining artifact to attach before final submission.
Test ID
Feature
Scenario
Preconditions
Steps
Expected
Actual
Status
Evidence
S1-T01
Authentication
Valid user signs in
Test account exists
Open app; enter credentials; submit
Protected navigator opens
No attached execution evidence yet
To be validated
TODO: attach screenshot or terminal output
S1-T02
Onboarding
New user saves profile
Authenticated user without onboarding
Fill goals, units, preferences; save
Profile is stored and onboarding flag updates
No attached execution evidence yet
To be validated
TODO: attach screenshot or terminal output
S1-T03
Workout session
User completes workout
Workout template exists
Start workout; complete sets; finish summary
Session is saved in workout history
No attached execution evidence yet
To be validated
TODO: attach screenshot or terminal output
S1-T04
Rest timer
Timer controls behave correctly
Active workout session
Start, pause, resume, warning, complete
Timer state and feedback remain consistent
No attached execution evidence yet
Manual validation required
TODO: attach screenshot or terminal output
Table 3.6: Sprint validation matrix
3.5 Sprint Burn Down Chart
The burn-down chart is represented as a sprint-management artifact. In the final report, this figure should be replaced by the exported chart from the project management board if such evidence is available. Until then, it explains the expected evolution from selected backlog to validated increment.
Figure 3.5: Burn down chart for Sprint 1
Conclusion
Sprint 1 established the operational base of the mobile application. Authentication, onboarding, protected navigation, workout templates, active workout execution, persistence, and rest timer behavior became the foundation for later progress tracking. The next sprint builds on this foundation by transforming workout data into progress, measurement, notification, and nutrition-oriented features.
4 Sprint 2
Sprint 2 extended the mobile experience with exercise library improvements, calendar planning, progress tracking, notifications, nutrition-related tracking, and body measurement groundwork.
This chapter documents sprint 2 as an engineering increment rather than as a simple list of implemented screens. It presents the sprint objective, selected backlog, structural model, refined use cases, sequence flow, implementation choices, validation matrix, and burn-down interpretation.
4.1 Needs Assessment
The sprint needs were selected from the product backlog according to dependency order, user value, and technical feasibility.
Sprint objective: Sprint 2 extended the mobile experience with exercise library improvements, calendar planning, progress tracking, notifications, nutrition-related tracking, and body measurement groundwork.
4.1.1 Sprint Backlog
ID
Task
Priority
Result
S2-01
Implement exercise library search, detail views, images, and filtering.
High
Library usable
S2-02
Implement calendar, workout history, and progress statistics.
High
Tracking views ready
S2-03
Add notification settings and reminders.
Medium
Reminder flow integrated
S2-04
Prepare body measurement and progress-photo features.
Medium
AI measurement groundwork documented
S2-05
Implement nutrition or saved meal flows where applicable.
Medium
Nutrition module draft integrated
Table 4.1: Sprint 2 backlog
4.1.2 Sprint Class Diagram
Include Exercise, Workout, WorkoutSession, BodyMeasurement, ProgressPhoto, NotificationPreference, NutritionEntry, SavedMeal, and related services/stores.
Figure 4.1: Class diagram of Sprint 2
Mermaid class diagram draft for Sprint 2
classDiagram  class UserProfile { id; height_cm; goal; gender }  class WorkoutSession { id; user_id; completed_at; duration }  class BodyMeasurement { id; chest_cm; waist_cm; hip_cm; shoulder_cm; source }  class ProgressPhoto { id; user_id; uri; capture_type }  class NutritionEntry { id; user_id; meal_type; calories }  class SavedMeal { id; user_id; name }  class MeasurementFeatureVector { pose_score; scale_cm_per_px; segmentation_quality }  UserProfile "1" --> "*" WorkoutSession  UserProfile "1" --> "*" BodyMeasurement  BodyMeasurement "1" --> "0..1" MeasurementFeatureVector  UserProfile "1" --> "*" NutritionEntry  UserProfile "1" --> "*" SavedMeal
4.2 Functional Specification of Requirements
This section specifies the sprint use cases and explains how the selected actors interact with the GoFit system.
4.2.1 Refined Use Case Diagram of Sprint 2
Actors: Mobile user and Supabase. Use cases: search exercise, view exercise detail, plan workout on calendar, view progress, log measurements, configure notifications, track nutrition.
Figure 4.2: Refined use case diagram of Sprint 2
Mermaid refined use case diagram draft for Sprint 2
flowchart LR  U[Mobile user] --> Library((Search exercise library))  U --> Progress((View progress dashboard))  U --> Measure((Log body measurements))  U --> AI((Generate AI measurement draft))  U --> Nutrition((Manage nutrition / saved meals))  AI --> Review((Review and correct values))  Review --> Save[(body_measurements)]
4.2.2 Use Case Analysis
Field
Description
Use case
View progress dashboard
Main actor
Mobile user
Preconditions
The user is authenticated and may have workout sessions, measurements, or nutrition entries.
Postconditions
The user obtains a readable view of training evolution, measurement history, or empty-state guidance.
Nominal scenario
The user opens the progress screen, selects a metric or period, and the application loads chart data from workout and measurement services.
Alternative scenario
If no historical data exists, the application displays an empty state that explains how to create the first entry.
Exception scenario
If the Supabase query fails, the application must display an error state and preserve navigation stability.
Table 4.2: Detailed use case - View progress dashboard
Field
Description
Use case
Generate AI-assisted body measurement draft
Main actor
Mobile user
Preconditions
The user is authenticated, has provided height information, and captures front and side photos under acceptable conditions.
Postconditions
Draft measurements, confidence values, quality warnings, and editable fields are presented before saving.
Nominal scenario
The app analyzes the photos with pose detection and segmentation, builds a feature vector, estimates draft values, and asks the user to review them.
Alternative scenario
If segmentation quality is weak, the estimator uses safer statistical fallback values and displays quality warnings.
Exception scenario
If the native AI module is unavailable or the capture is unusable, the app blocks automatic estimation and invites manual entry or retake.
Table 4.3: Detailed use case - Generate AI-assisted body measurement draft
Show progress tracking flow: user opens progress screen -> store requests stats -> service queries workout_sessions/body_measurements -> chart renders data.
Figure 4.3: Sequence diagram of key use case
Mermaid sequence diagram draft for Sprint 2
sequenceDiagram  actor User  participant Camera as Body Measurement Screen  participant Pose as MediaPipe / MoveNet  participant Segmenter as Segmentation Service  participant Estimator as Measurement Estimator  participant DB as Supabase backend  User->>Camera: Capture front and side photos  Camera->>Pose: Detect body landmarks  Camera->>Segmenter: Extract person mask  Segmenter-->>Estimator: Widths, depths, quality values  Estimator-->>Camera: Draft measurements and warnings  User->>Camera: Review or correct values  Camera->>DB: Save final measurement
4.3 Realisation
The exercise library provides access to workouts, exercises, detail screens, and workout builder flows. Exercise metadata is loaded through service layers and cached by stores.
Progress screens present workout statistics, body measurements, consistency, and record details. These views help users interpret their evolution rather than only log isolated sessions.
Notification features support reminders and inbox-style communication. Push-token registration and notification preferences are part of the infrastructure.
The body measurement work explores AI-supported progress tracking. It is positioned as a fitness-progress feature, not a medical or tailoring-grade measurement system.
[TODO: Insert screenshot of progress dashboard]
[TODO: Insert screenshot of body measurement review screen]
Figure 4.4: Realisation summary of Sprint 2
4.3.1 Progress, Nutrition, and Reminder Features
Sprint 2 connected the workout foundation to user progress. A fitness application becomes more valuable when it transforms repeated sessions into understandable feedback. For this reason, the sprint added progress screens, history views, statistics, body-measurement foundations, nutrition-related flows, and reminder infrastructure. These features help users move from isolated workout execution to long-term self-monitoring.
Progress tracking uses workout session data, body-measurement data, and optional nutrition entries to display user evolution. Empty states are important in this sprint because new users may not have enough data yet. The interface should explain what the user can do next without showing broken charts or misleading statistics.
Module
Objective
Important states
Exercise library
Allow users to browse and understand available exercises.
Search result, filter result, detail screen, no-result state, loading state.
Workout calendar/history
Help users see planned and completed training.
Scheduled workout, completed workout, missed day, empty calendar, history detail.
Progress dashboard
Summarize evolution over time.
Charts with data, first-use empty state, metric selector, date-range filtering.
Body measurements
Record and compare physical changes.
Manual entry, AI draft, review/correction, quality warning, saved measurement.
Nutrition/saved meals
Support nutrition tracking foundations.
Saved meal list, meal detail, item edit, history, reusable entry.
Notifications
Encourage consistency and communication.
Permission request, reminder settings, notification inbox, push-token registration.
Table 4.4: Sprint 2 user-facing progress modules
4.3.2 Data Interpretation and User Feedback
A key design point in Sprint 2 is that GoFit should not only store values; it should help the user interpret them. For example, workout history becomes useful when the app can show consistency, completed sessions, training load, and trends. Body measurements become useful when the user can compare corrected values over time and understand why an AI draft may be uncertain. Nutrition entries become useful when they are reusable and connected to habits rather than isolated forms.
The sprint therefore uses feedback patterns such as charts, summaries, empty states, warnings, and review screens. This is especially important for AI-assisted measurements. Instead of hiding uncertainty, the application should show quality issues such as poor pose, incomplete body visibility, weak segmentation, bad framing, or inconsistent scale between front and side photos.
Figure 4.6: Progress feedback loop
4.3.3 AI Body Measurement and Computer Vision Pipeline
One of the most distinctive parts of GoFit is the AI-assisted body measurement feature. Its objective is to help users follow physical progress from photos, without replacing manual tape measurements and without claiming medical or tailoring-grade precision. The feature is designed as an assisted workflow: the system analyzes front and side photos, generates draft values for chest, waist, hip, and shoulder, explains capture-quality issues, then lets the user review and correct the values before saving them as progress data.
The pipeline starts on the mobile device. The user captures or selects front and side images. The application runs pose detection to locate key body landmarks, segmentation to isolate the person silhouette when available, feature extraction to transform image geometry into measurable indicators, and a measurement estimator to produce draft values. The result is presented with confidence, warnings, and manual editing fields. This design is important because computer vision can support progress tracking, but a single two-dimensional image cannot directly recover exact body circumferences in all conditions.
Figure 4.7: AI and computer vision pipeline for body measurements
4.3.4 Models and Artifacts Used
The project evolved from a keypoint-only prototype toward a more robust pose-and-segmentation architecture. The first implementation used MoveNet Lightning through react-native-fast-tflite because it is lightweight and suitable for on-device inference. Later research and implementation introduced MediaPipe Tasks Vision because its pose landmarker provides richer landmarks and a native Android path for faster and more reliable analysis.
Model / artifact
Role in GoFit
Input / output
Status and reason
MoveNet Lightning (.tflite)
Initial on-device pose detection and fallback path.
Resized 192 x 192 RGB image; 17 body keypoints with confidence scores.
Implemented through react-native-fast-tflite. Useful as a lightweight baseline, but limited for body measurement because 17 keypoints do not describe torso outline or body depth.
MediaPipe Pose Landmarker Full (pose_landmarker_full.task)
Main candidate for richer body-pose analysis.
Image input; 33 normalized landmarks, optional world landmarks, visibility/presence scores, pose count, and inference time.
Implemented in the local Expo native module on Android. It improves body coverage over MoveNet and supports better pose-quality checks.
MediaPipe Pose Landmarker Heavy
Potential higher-accuracy candidate.
Same landmark structure as the Full model, with heavier computation.
Not adopted by default. It is reserved for comparison only if Full is accurate enough and device performance remains acceptable.
selfie_multiclass_256x256.tflite
Experimental segmentation research artifact.
256 x 256 float image input; 256 x 256 x 6 class output.
Investigated but not treated as the final silhouette model because the body mask was unstable in mirror/direct capture scenarios.
MediaPipe Image Segmenter (selfie_segmenter.tflite)
Person-mask extraction for segmentation-assisted measurement.
Image input; 256 x 256 confidence masks and category mask for background/person.
Integrated in the native MediaPipe module. It provides a cleaner person mask than the earlier multiclass experiment, but it still needs validation and gating.
Statistical depth estimator
Converts extracted features into draft circumferences.
Feature vector using height, front widths, side depths, ratios, pose scores, and mask quality indicators.
Used as a pragmatic baseline. It is not a trained medical model; it produces draft progress estimates and must remain editable by the user.
Future regression/PCA estimator
Target research direction for stronger measurement prediction.
Labeled dataset of body features and manual/tape measurements.
Planned improvement based on statistical body-measurement literature. It would replace rigid formulas with learned predictors once enough validation data exists.
Table 4.5: AI and computer vision models used in GoFit
4.3.5 Pose Detection: MoveNet and MediaPipe
Pose detection is responsible for finding anatomical landmarks that anchor the measurement process. In the first GoFit prototype, MoveNet Lightning detects 17 keypoints such as nose, shoulders, elbows, wrists, hips, knees, and ankles. These points are enough to estimate body orientation and basic proportions, but they are not enough to measure chest, waist, and hip circumference directly. For example, a shoulder keypoint tells where the shoulder is, but it does not describe the width of the torso at chest level or the depth of the body from the side view.
The MediaPipe Pose Landmarker Full model improves this stage by producing 33 landmarks and richer metadata. The local module returns image dimensions, pose count, normalized landmarks, world landmarks when available, and inference time. The GoFit Android implementation loads the bundled pose_landmarker_full.task asset, decodes the image URI, applies EXIF rotation, runs MediaPipe detection, and returns a typed result to the TypeScript layer. This makes the measurement workflow more reliable because the application can inspect landmark visibility, check whether core points are present, and reject only captures that are genuinely unusable.
The project keeps MoveNet as a fallback because it is already integrated in the mobile JavaScript service and can continue to support devices or builds where the native MediaPipe module is not available. This fallback strategy reduces deployment risk while the native module reaches parity across Android and iOS.
4.3.6 Segmentation and Body Mask Extraction
Segmentation is the second computer-vision component. Its role is to separate the person from the background and provide body-outline information. This is necessary because circumference estimation cannot be based only on joint coordinates. The pose model can locate shoulder, hip, and torso reference lines; the segmentation mask can then estimate front-view widths and side-view depths around the chest, waist, and hip levels.
The project first examined selfie_multiclass_256x256.tflite. That model exposes a 256 x 256 x 6 output rather than a simple binary body mask, which required class selection, argmax maps, connected-component cleanup, and debugging overlays. Real tests showed that the resulting mask could be unstable, especially with mirror photos, phone occlusion, and direct capture conditions. For this reason, the report classifies it as an experimental research artifact instead of a final production model.
The later implementation uses MediaPipe Image Segmenter with selfie_segmenter.tflite in the local native module. The Android bridge returns confidence masks, category masks, labels, quality scores, and inference timing. The TypeScript segmentation service decodes the masks, thresholds the person class, builds a cleaned binary mask, extracts sampled class grids for debugging, anchors scan lines using pose landmarks, and measures chest, waist, and hip widths/depths. This gives GoFit a more explainable measurement pipeline because each generated number can be traced back to pose landmarks, mask rows, and quality gates.
Figure 4.8: Pose and segmentation model flow
4.3.7 Feature Vector and Measurement Estimation
The measurement service builds a structured feature vector before calculating the final draft values. This is a strong architectural choice because the application does not mix raw pixels, pose confidence, segmentation quality, and final centimeter values in a single opaque formula. Instead, it records the intermediate indicators that explain why a measurement was accepted, warned, or rejected.
Feature group
Examples
Purpose
User scale
Declared height in centimeters, person height in pixels, scale in cm/px, height-span fraction.
Converts image measurements into approximate real-world dimensions and detects bad framing.
Pose quality
Front and side pose model source, mean landmark score, visible core keypoints, body center, top and bottom normalized positions.
Checks whether the user is visible, centered, and sufficiently detected.
Front geometry
Front shoulder width, hip width, estimated waist width, chest/waist/hip mask widths.
Measures visible body widths from the front photo.
Side geometry
Side shoulder width, side-to-front ratio, chest depth, abdomen depth, side mask depths.
Approximates body depth, which is essential for circumference estimation.
Segmentation quality
Raw coverage, clean coverage, body class index, mask bounds, fragmentation, class grid, person threshold.
Detects unstable masks and prevents unreliable segmentation from overriding safer estimates.
Estimator outputs
Draft chest, waist, hip, shoulder, depth source, confidence, failed checks, quality issues.
Produces editable progress values and explains uncertainty to the user.
Table 4.6: Body measurement feature vector
The estimator currently combines geometric measurements with sex-aware statistical depth assumptions. In practical terms, the service uses the user's height and body proportions to estimate a scale, then uses front widths and side/depth information to produce draft circumferences. When segmentation depth passes quality and sanity gates, it can contribute to the estimate; otherwise the service falls back to statistical priors. This prevents a bad mask from producing extremely wrong values.
Research notes in the project also identify a stronger long-term direction: use a labeled dataset of photos and manual measurements to train regression, ridge regression, gradient-boosted trees, PCA-based, or body-shape models. Such a model would learn the relationship between extracted features and real measurements instead of relying mainly on hand-built formulas. For the PFE scope, the current implementation is correctly presented as an AI-assisted progress estimator with validation and manual correction.
4.3.8 Validation Results and Limitations
Device tests confirmed that MediaPipe can run inside the Android development client and that the pose model detects one person with high landmark visibility in normal capture conditions. Example observations showed mirror-front captures around 0.99 pose score, side captures around 0.97 to 0.98 in good conditions, and inference times that varied by device and image conditions. Direct capture also worked but may show different inference times and body framing behavior.
The main limitation is not pose detection; it is reliable circumference estimation from consumer photos. Early segmentation experiments produced thin or unstable masks in some scans, and earlier formulas generated unstable chest, waist, and hip values. Later statistical-depth experiments were more stable across repeated scans, but the project documentation correctly notes that those values are still draft estimates, not ground truth. Therefore, the application keeps a manual review screen and should store corrected values when the user has measured with a tape.
Validation item
Expected practice
Target / interpretation
Reference measurements
Measure chest, waist, hip, and shoulder with a tape before comparing with the AI result.
The tape value is the reference value for validation.
Capture conditions
Use good lighting, full body visible, fitted clothes, front photo, side photo at approximately 90 degrees, and consistent distance.
Bad framing, loose clothing, phone occlusion, and angled mirrors must be flagged.
AI result
Record the draft AI value before manual correction.
Used to calculate absolute error and identify model weaknesses.
Manual correction
Allow the user to edit the values before saving.
Saved corrected values should match the user's real measurement.
Fitness-progress target
Use approximate progress targets rather than tailoring or medical targets.
Chest error ideally below 8 cm; waist and hip below 6 cm; shoulder below 5 cm.
Confidence
Confidence must decrease when pose, segmentation, scale, or repeated-scan stability is weak.
The report should avoid claiming 100 percent confidence for unstable captures.
Table 4.7: AI measurement validation protocol
Component
Current status
Remaining work
MoveNet pose fallback
Implemented in TypeScript service through react-native-fast-tflite and bundled model asset.
Keep as fallback and compare against MediaPipe outputs.
MediaPipe pose Android module
Implemented with bundled pose_landmarker_full.task, EXIF rotation handling, 33 landmarks, world landmarks, pose count, and inference time.
Complete parity and production testing across iOS and Android release builds.
MediaPipe image segmentation
Implemented in native module with selfie_segmenter.tflite, confidence/category masks, labels, and quality scores.
Improve segmentation quality gates and verify on more body types, clothes, lighting, and camera setups.
Feature vector
Implemented with pose, scale, geometry, segmentation, confidence, and debug fields.
Export validation datasets and compare AI estimates with tape measurements.
Estimator
Statistical baseline and segmentation-gated depth source available.
Train or calibrate a stronger model once enough labeled examples exist.
User workflow
Draft measurement, quality warnings, and manual review approach defined.
Finalize UX copy, screenshots, and submission-ready validation evidence.
Table 4.8: AI implementation status
In conclusion, the AI module is a meaningful technical contribution because it combines on-device inference, native module integration, pose landmarks, segmentation masks, typed feature vectors, statistical estimation, and validation methodology. At the same time, the report must be transparent: GoFit uses AI to assist progress tracking, not to replace professional body measurement.
4.4 Tests
The following validation matrix avoids declaring success without evidence. When a screenshot, terminal output, or exported test report is missing, the evidence cell explicitly marks the remaining artifact to attach before final submission.
Test ID
Feature
Scenario
Preconditions
Steps
Expected
Actual
Status
Evidence
S2-T01
Exercise library
Search and open exercise
Exercise data exists
Search; filter; open detail
Correct exercise detail is displayed
No attached execution evidence yet
To be validated
TODO: attach screenshot or terminal output
S2-T02
Progress dashboard
Display charts and empty state
User with/without history
Open progress; switch metric and period
Charts or empty state render correctly
No attached execution evidence yet
To be validated
TODO: attach screenshot or terminal output
S2-T03
AI measurement
Generate draft measurement
Front/side photos and height available
Capture photos; run analysis; review values
Draft values and warnings are shown before save
Android debug observations exist, final evidence missing
Partially validated
TODO: attach screenshot or terminal output
S2-T04
Notifications
Configure reminder permission
Device/emulator supports notifications
Request permission; save reminder preference
Preference persists and no crash occurs
No attached execution evidence yet
Manual validation required
TODO: attach screenshot or terminal output
S2-T05
Nutrition/saved meals
Create or reuse saved meal
Authenticated user
Create saved meal; edit item; reopen list
Meal entry persists in history
No attached execution evidence yet
To be validated
TODO: attach screenshot or terminal output
Table 4.9: Sprint validation matrix
4.5 Sprint Burn Down Chart
The burn-down chart is represented as a sprint-management artifact. In the final report, this figure should be replaced by the exported chart from the project management board if such evidence is available. Until then, it explains the expected evolution from selected backlog to validated increment.
Figure 4.9: Burn down chart for Sprint 2
Conclusion
Sprint 2 transformed the mobile foundation into a progress-oriented experience. It connected exercise browsing, history, progress dashboards, body measurements, nutrition foundations, reminders, and AI-assisted measurement research. The sprint also clarified the limits of computer-vision estimation and the need for manual review. The next sprint extends GoFit from individual tracking to coach marketplace and administration workflows.
5 Sprint 3
Sprint 3 focused on coach marketplace features and administration. It added coach onboarding, coach/client flows, bookings, session packs, chat, programs, and a web admin panel for operational management.
This chapter documents sprint 3 as an engineering increment rather than as a simple list of implemented screens. It presents the sprint objective, selected backlog, structural model, refined use cases, sequence flow, implementation choices, validation matrix, and burn-down interpretation.
5.1 Needs Assessment
The sprint needs were selected from the product backlog according to dependency order, user value, and technical feasibility.
Sprint objective: Sprint 3 focused on coach marketplace features and administration. It added coach onboarding, coach/client flows, bookings, session packs, chat, programs, and a web admin panel for operational management.
5.1.1 Sprint Backlog
ID
Task
Priority
Result
S3-01
Implement coach authentication, onboarding, CV/certification upload, and pending review flow.
High
Coach onboarding ready
S3-02
Implement marketplace, coach detail, session booking, session packs, chat, and programs.
High
Marketplace flows implemented
S3-03
Implement coach dashboard, clients, calendar, profile, wallet, and settings.
Medium
Coach app area structured
S3-04
Implement admin panel dashboard, users, coaches, exercises, workouts, transactions, notifications, settings, and analytics.
High
Admin platform operational
Table 5.1: Sprint 3 backlog
5.1.2 Sprint Class Diagram
Include CoachProfile, Client, SessionPack, PurchasedPack, Booking, Conversation, Message, Program, AdminUser, Exercise, Workout, Transaction, Notification, and AuditLog.
Figure 5.1: Class diagram of Sprint 3
Mermaid class diagram draft for Sprint 3
classDiagram  class CoachProfile { id; user_id; status; specialties }  class Booking { id; coach_id; client_id; scheduled_at; status }  class SessionPack { id; coach_id; title; sessions_count }  class PurchasedPack { id; client_id; pack_id; remaining_sessions }  class Conversation { id; coach_id; client_id }  class Message { id; conversation_id; sender_id; body }  class Program { id; coach_id; client_id; title }  CoachProfile "1" --> "*" Booking  SessionPack "1" --> "*" PurchasedPack  Conversation "1" --> "*" Message  CoachProfile "1" --> "*" Program
5.2 Functional Specification of Requirements
This section specifies the sprint use cases and explains how the selected actors interact with the GoFit system.
5.2.1 Refined Use Case Diagram of Sprint 3
Actors: Mobile user, coach, administrator, Supabase. Use cases: browse coaches, book session, buy pack, chat, create program, manage clients, validate coach, manage content.
Figure 5.2: Refined use case diagram of Sprint 3
Mermaid refined use case diagram draft for Sprint 3
flowchart LR  Client[Mobile user] --> Browse((Browse coaches))  Client --> Book((Book coaching session))  Client --> Chat((Chat with coach))  Coach[Coach] --> Onboard((Complete coach onboarding))  Coach --> Programs((Manage client programs))  Admin[Administrator] --> Validate((Validate coach))  Admin --> Manage((Manage platform content))
5.2.2 Use Case Analysis
Field
Description
Use case
Book a coaching session
Main actor
Mobile user
Preconditions
The user is authenticated, at least one coach profile is available, and a valid slot or session pack exists.
Postconditions
A booking record is created and becomes visible to the client and coach according to access rules.
Nominal scenario
The user browses coaches, opens a profile, chooses a service or slot, confirms the booking, and receives confirmation.
Alternative scenario
The user uses an existing purchased pack instead of creating a standalone booking.
Exception scenario
If the slot is unavailable, payment/session pack is missing, or the request violates RLS policies, the booking is rejected with a clear message.
Table 5.2: Detailed use case - Book coaching session
Field
Description
Use case
Validate and manage coach account
Main actor
Administrator
Preconditions
The administrator is authenticated with admin privileges and a coach profile exists in pending or active status.
Postconditions
The coach status, visibility, or profile data is updated and recorded in the administration interface.
Nominal scenario
The administrator opens the coach management page, reviews profile information, validates or updates the status, and saves the decision.
Alternative scenario
The administrator requests missing information or leaves the coach in pending status.
Exception scenario
If the connected user is not an administrator, middleware and server-side checks must block access to the page or action.
Table 5.3: Detailed use case - Validate and manage coach from administration panel
Show booking or chat flow: client selects coach -> creates booking/conversation -> Supabase persists data -> coach dashboard updates.
Figure 5.3: Sequence diagram of key use case
Mermaid sequence diagram draft for Sprint 3
sequenceDiagram  actor Client  participant Market as Marketplace Screen  participant Service as Booking Service  participant DB as Supabase backend  participant Coach as Coach Dashboard  Client->>Market: Select coach and session  Market->>Service: Request booking  Service->>DB: Insert booking and related notification  DB-->>Market: Confirmation result  DB-->>Coach: Realtime/dashboard update  Coach-->>Client: Follow-up through chat or program
5.3 Realisation
Coach-related screens include coach authentication, onboarding, profile preview, pending validation, dashboard, clients list, client detail, client progress, notes, programs, calendar, chat, wallet, and settings.
Marketplace flows allow users to browse coaches, view coach profiles, book sessions, manage packs, access programs, and communicate through chat.
The admin panel uses Next.js App Router, server-side data access, protected middleware, and Supabase admin clients. It includes dashboard stats, user management, coach management, exercise/workout CRUD foundations, transactions, notifications, activity logs, settings, search, import/export, and analytics components.
Security is handled through authentication, admin role checks, service-role usage on server-side routes where intended, and Supabase RLS for user-scoped data.
[TODO: Insert screenshot of coach marketplace screen]
[TODO: Insert screenshot of admin dashboard]
Figure 5.4: Realisation summary of Sprint 3
5.3.1 Coach Marketplace and Client Follow-up
Sprint 3 expanded GoFit from an individual fitness tracker into a marketplace and coaching platform. This required a different type of workflow because the application now connects two human roles: the client and the coach. The client needs to discover coaches, view profiles, book sessions, purchase packs, access programs, and communicate. The coach needs to onboard, submit profile and document information, wait for validation when required, manage availability, consult clients, create programs, read notes, and follow progress.
The marketplace is not only a list of coaches. It depends on trust, availability, transaction status, communication, and follow-up. For this reason, the sprint includes coach profiles, session packs, bookings, purchased packs, conversations, messages, programs, notifications, and wallet-related views. Each of these elements must be connected to permissions so that clients can see their own bookings and coaches can see only their own clients.
Feature
Client-side value
Coach-side value
Coach discovery
Find coaches by profile, expertise, and services.
Increase visibility and attract clients.
Coach onboarding
Improves trust by requiring complete coach data.
Allows coach to create a professional presence.
Session packs
Buy or use grouped coaching sessions.
Sell structured services and track remaining sessions.
Bookings
Reserve a coaching slot and follow status.
Organize calendar and session workload.
Programs
Receive personalized training plans.
Create and assign plans to clients.
Chat and notes
Communicate with the coach and receive follow-up.
Keep client context and preparation notes together.
Video call screen
Join remote coaching sessions.
Connect with clients through LiveKit-backed sessions.
Table 5.4: Coach marketplace feature detail
5.3.2 Administration and Operational Control
The administration panel is necessary because the platform contains user-generated data, coach applications, exercise content, workouts, transactions, notifications, and analytics. Without a back-office interface, the operator would need to manipulate database rows directly, which is risky and unsuitable for a production platform. The admin panel provides safer and more structured operational control.
The admin panel uses Next.js App Router and protected admin access. Server-side Supabase utilities are used for privileged operations, while middleware and admin-role checks prevent normal users from opening back-office pages. The design includes dashboard statistics, user management, coach validation, exercise/workout management, transaction review, notification management, settings, logs, analytics, search, and import/export foundations.
Admin area
Managed data
Purpose
Dashboard
Users, exercises, workouts, sessions, transactions, coach status.
Provide a fast overview of platform health.
Users
Auth users and profile data.
Search, review, update, and monitor user accounts.
Coaches
Coach profiles, status, documents, marketplace visibility.
Validate coaches and maintain service quality.
Exercises and workouts
Exercise library, workout templates, metadata.
Maintain content consistency for mobile users.
Transactions and packs
Purchases, wallet/pack status, booking-related financial records.
Support marketplace operations and revenue visibility.
Notifications and logs
User notifications, admin activity, operational events.
Trace actions and communicate important updates.
Settings and analytics
Platform configuration and business indicators.
Prepare the product for scaling and decision-making.
Table 5.5: Admin-panel operational modules
5.3.3 Admin Analytics and Business Intelligence Features
The administration panel also includes a business intelligence dimension. This work is more than a simple dashboard counter: it transforms operational data from users, workouts, bookings, coaches, session packs, finance records, and health/readiness signals into indicators that an administrator can use for monitoring and decision-making. The BI area is implemented inside the main dashboard so that operational control and performance interpretation stay in the same protected back-office interface.
The first analytics layer provides platform visibility: registered users, daily/weekly/monthly active users, user growth, popular exercises, workout completion rates, activity heatmaps, session activity, and recent activity. The advanced BI layer adds deeper decision-support views: finance by currency and coach/package scope, user lifecycle and activation signals, workout cohort retention, coach operations, client health risk queues, threshold alerts, saved BI views, snapshot notifications, scheduled digests, and CSV exports.
BI feature
Source / implementation
Administrative value
Engagement metrics
admin-panel/lib/analytics.ts; EngagementMetricsCards; workout_sessions and user_profiles.
Tracks total users, DAU, WAU, and MAU to measure platform activity.
User growth chart
UserGrowthChart; user_profiles.created_at grouped by date.
Shows acquisition trend and cumulative user growth.
Popular exercises
PopularExercisesCard; exercises joined with workout_exercises usage counts.
Identifies content that is most used by members.
Workout completion and session activity
WorkoutCompletionCard and SessionActivityChart; workout_sessions.
Detects completion rate, training volume, and possible workout drop-off.
Activity heatmap and recent activity
ActivityHeatmap and RecentActivityFeed; completed sessions and activity records.
Shows when users are active and what happened recently on the platform.
Advanced BI overview
admin-panel/app/dashboard/page.tsx with bi-finance, bi-user-lifecycle, bi-coach-ops, and bi-client-health services.
Combines finance, lifecycle, coach operations, and client health into one decision panel.
Threshold alerts
BIThresholdAlertsCard with client-health rows.
Highlights users with risk signals so administrators can notice operational issues earlier.
Saved BI views
AdvancedBISavedViews and /api/bi/saved-views.
Allows administrators to save BI filter/range configurations and digest cadence.
BI snapshots and scheduled digests
AdvancedBISnapshotButton, /api/bi/snapshot, and /api/bi/scheduled-digests.
Creates admin notification summaries on demand or according to saved-view cadence.
CSV exports
/api/bi/export with finance, lifecycle, cohort, coach-ops, and client-health slices.
Lets administrators extract BI data for external reporting or academic evidence.
Table 5.6: Admin analytics and BI dashboard features
Domain
Database / service evidence
Metrics covered
Known limit in v1
Finance
bi_finance_daily view; admin-panel/lib/bi-finance.ts; FinanceCurrencyDetailCard.
Gross pack sales, pack count, ledger signals, currency summaries, coach/package filters.
Net revenue, refunds, payout reconciliation, and full accounting remain deferred.
User lifecycle
bi_user_lifecycle_daily view; admin-panel/lib/bi-user-lifecycle.ts; LifecycleActivationDetailCard.
Signup, first workout activation, first booking activation, activity windows, DAU/WAU/MAU.
Coach filters do not scope lifecycle cohorts in v1; lifecycle may include non-client profiles where relevant.
Workout cohort retention
bi-user-lifecycle cohort helper; RetentionCohortCard.
Signup-to-workout retention by cohort period.
Cohorts depend on available historical workout data.
Coach operations
bi_coach_ops_daily view; admin-panel/lib/bi-coach-ops.ts; CoachOpsDetailCard and CoachPerformanceTable.
Booking activity, completion rate, cancellation/no-show signals, coach activity, package context.
Coach filters scope coach operations, but not every dashboard card is coach-scoped.
Client health
bi_client_health_daily view; admin-panel/lib/bi-client-health.ts; ClientHealthRiskQueue and ClientHealthTrendDetailCard.
Inactive clients, nutrition gaps, body-measurement gaps, pack/session risk signals, aggregated risk counts.
Risk indicators are operational signals, not medical diagnosis.
Security and access
fix_bi_views_security_invoker.sql; admin middleware; server-side Supabase utilities.
Admin-only dashboard and BI API access with protected routes.
Final QA must still attach admin/non-admin access screenshots and API test outputs.
Table 5.7: Advanced BI data domains and limits
This BI layer is important academically because it shows that GoFit is not only a mobile user interface. The project also studies how operational data can be modeled, aggregated, protected, visualized, exported, and summarized for administrators. The current implementation remains intentionally transparent about v1 limitations so that the report does not exaggerate financial reconciliation, medical interpretation, or filter completeness.
5.3.4 In-App AI Workout Recommendation and Personalization
The in-app AI workout recommendation feature deserves separate treatment because it is a user-facing personalization feature, not a computer-vision feature and not an n8n scheduled automation. Its goal is to generate one practical custom workout from the user's real GoFit context, then let the user decide whether to save it into the workout library. In the mobile application, this feature appears as the Adaptive workout card implemented in GoFitMobile/src/components/home/RecommendedWorkouts.tsx.
The mobile flow starts from the home screen. When the user taps the Adaptive workout card, the component calls workoutRecommendationService.generateAIWorkout from GoFitMobile/src/services/workoutRecommendations.ts. This service invokes the Supabase Edge Function named ai-workout-recommendation. If the response is valid, the card displays the generated workout name, focus/reason text, number of exercises, and an adaptation label such as readiness level, days since last workout, coach companion context, and volume adjustment. If the user accepts the suggestion, the feature saves it as a custom workout with workoutService.createCustomWorkout, reloads the workout store, triggers success haptic feedback, and navigates to the workout detail screen.
On the backend, the ai-workout-recommendation Edge Function authenticates the caller through the Authorization header before collecting context. It reads the user's profile, recent completed workout sessions, the latest daily readiness snapshot, recent health data, the latest assigned program, any active purchased coach pack, and the exercise catalog. The function computes an adaptive context before calling the language model. This context includes readiness level, readiness score, days since last workout, volume adjustment, intensity guidance, recovery signals, coach-program state, and explicit constraints.
The AI model used for this feature is Groq's OpenAI-compatible chat completion endpoint with the model llama-3.3-70b-versatile. The function requests JSON output with a low temperature and instructs the model to create one workout only, use only exercises from the provided catalog, avoid invented exercise identifiers, reduce volume when readiness is low, propose moderate catch-up work after several inactive days, and treat the result as optional companion work when a coach program or active pack exists. This prompt design is important because it grounds the LLM output in GoFit data instead of allowing generic fitness advice.
The feature also contains post-generation validation. The returned JSON is parsed, every exercise ID is matched against the real exercise catalog, invalid exercises are discarded, and the final recommendation is rejected if fewer than three valid exercises remain. The maximum exercise count is also adapted: reduced-volume sessions are limited more strictly than normal sessions. The response sent back to the mobile app includes the final workout name, difficulty set to Custom, focus, reason, image, validated exercise list, and adaptation metadata. This means the mobile app does not blindly trust the LLM response; it receives a cleaned and structured result.
Step
Implementation evidence
Description
User entry point
RecommendedWorkouts.tsx
Displays the Adaptive workout card on the home screen with loading, error, generated-result, and save states.
Mobile service call
workoutRecommendations.ts
Calls supabase.functions.invoke('ai-workout-recommendation') and rejects unusable responses without exercises.
Backend function
supabase/functions/ai-workout-recommendation/index.ts
Authenticates the user, gathers context, builds the prompt, calls Groq, validates the output, and returns a typed recommendation.
Model call
Groq chat completions; llama-3.3-70b-versatile; response_format json_object
Generates one custom workout using controlled JSON output and a constrained exercise catalog.
Save action
workoutService.createCustomWorkout; useWorkoutsStore.loadWorkouts
Stores the accepted AI recommendation as a normal custom workout so it can be opened and reused like other workouts.
User feedback
Expo Haptics; toastManager; navigation to WorkoutDetail
Provides tactile confirmation, error feedback, and direct access to the generated workout after saving.
Table 5.8: In-app AI workout recommendation workflow
Input / rule
Source table or code
Role in recommendation
User profile
user_profiles: goal, activity_level, age, gender
Anchors the workout to the user's declared objective and fitness context.
Recent training history
workout_sessions joined with workouts; last 8 completed sessions
Avoids recommending workouts without considering what the user recently trained and when.
Readiness snapshot
daily_readiness; computeReadiness in readiness.ts
Uses score, level, and recommendation text to reduce, maintain, or increase training volume.
Recovery and health signals
health_data: steps, active calories, sleep, resting heart rate, HRV
Supports recovery-aware constraints such as lowering intensity after short sleep.
Coach context
custom_programs and purchased_packs
Prevents the AI suggestion from replacing coach-assigned programming; frames it as companion work when relevant.
Exercise catalog
exercises table; first 120 catalog rows
Forces the model to select only existing exercises and allows backend validation of each returned ID.
Adaptation logic
computeAdaptiveContext in ai-workout-recommendation/index.ts
Creates volumeAdjustment, intensityGuidance, constraints, recovery, and coachContext before the LLM call.
Output validation
exerciseMap filtering; min 3 valid exercises; max 5 or 8 depending on volume
Blocks invented or unusable model output before it reaches the mobile UI.
Table 5.9: Personalization inputs and adaptation rules
Figure 5.6: In-app AI workout recommendation flow
This feature is therefore best described as a supervised personalization workflow. The model proposes a workout, but GoFit controls the context, validates the result, keeps secrets on the backend, shows the reasoning and adaptation label to the user, and stores the workout only after the user chooses to save it. The current implementation is appropriate for a PFE scope because it demonstrates LLM integration, personalization, prompt control, response validation, mobile interaction, and human-in-the-loop acceptance without claiming that AI replaces a professional coach.
5.3.5 LLM-Based Coach Briefings and Automations
Sprint 3 also includes language-model assistance for coach preparation and operational automation. Unlike the in-app workout recommendation, these features do not directly create a workout for the mobile user. They summarize context, prepare notes, and create notifications so that coaches and administrators can act faster.
The AI coach briefing flow prepares concise pre-session notes for a coach. It gathers booking information, recent completed sessions, private coach notes, recent check-ins, and client profile data. The model is instructed to summarize only the provided information, avoid invented medical facts, and keep the output short. The resulting note helps the coach prepare a session while still requiring human judgment.
Feature
Input context
Generated output
Safety/control
AI coach/session briefing
Booking, client profile, recent completed sessions, private coach notes, recent check-ins.
Concise pre-session briefing for coach preparation.
Coach-only context, authentication checks, instruction not to invent injuries or diagnoses.
n8n AI Session Prep v1
Confirmed bookings in the next 24 hours, client profile, recent sessions, coach notes, and check-ins retrieved from Supabase.
Stored ai_session_notes row and coach notification with data.kind = ai_session_ready.
Unexpired-note guard avoids duplicate briefings; service-role key remains in n8n; Groq key is used only by this workflow.
n8n Booking Reminders v1
Confirmed bookings starting within the next 60 minutes and mapped coach/client recipients.
Client and coach notification rows with data.kind = booking_starting_soon.
Duplicate guard uses booking, recipient role, and reminder window.
n8n Check-in Reminders v1
Enabled check-in schedules due in UTC and current-day check-in responses.
Client notification row with data.kind = check_in_due.
Skips schedules not yet due, clients who already responded, and duplicate reminders.
n8n Coach Daily Digest v1
Coach profiles, check-in schedules/responses, upcoming bookings, active packs, and BI client-health data.
Coach notification row with missed check-ins, low wellness signals, upcoming sessions, and inactive clients.
Skips coaches with no useful signal and avoids duplicate digest notifications for the same UTC date.
n8n Admin Ops Digest v1
Admin users, new users, pending coaches, booking outcomes, and pack purchases from the last 24 hours.
Admin notification row containing operational counts and a deterministic digest link.
Skips duplicate admin digests and keeps automation failure count deterministic in v1.
Table 5.10: LLM and automation features
Figure 5.7: LLM and automation flow
5.4 Tests
The following validation matrix avoids declaring success without evidence. When a screenshot, terminal output, or exported test report is missing, the evidence cell explicitly marks the remaining artifact to attach before final submission.
Test ID
Feature
Scenario
Preconditions
Steps
Expected
Actual
Status
Evidence
S3-T01
Coach onboarding
Coach submits profile
Coach account exists
Fill profile; upload/support documents; submit
Coach appears in pending/review state
No attached execution evidence yet
To be validated
TODO: attach screenshot or terminal output
S3-T02
Marketplace booking
Client books coach
Coach and slot/pack exist
Open marketplace; select coach; confirm booking
Booking is visible to client and coach
No attached execution evidence yet
To be validated
TODO: attach screenshot or terminal output
S3-T03
Chat
Client and coach exchange messages
Conversation exists
Send message from one side; open other side
Message appears in conversation
No attached execution evidence yet
Manual validation required
TODO: attach screenshot or terminal output
S3-T04
Admin access
Non-admin blocked from admin panel
Non-admin account and admin route exist
Attempt to open admin route
Access is denied or redirected
No attached execution evidence yet
To be validated
TODO: attach screenshot or terminal output
S3-T05
AI briefing automation
Coach briefing generated for booking
n8n env and booking context exist
Run workflow; inspect ai_session_notes and notification
One briefing note and notification are created
Workflow logic documented, final run evidence missing
Partially validated
TODO: attach screenshot or terminal output
Table 5.7: Sprint validation matrix
5.5 Sprint Burn Down Chart
The burn-down chart is represented as a sprint-management artifact. In the final report, this figure should be replaced by the exported chart from the project management board if such evidence is available. Until then, it explains the expected evolution from selected backlog to validated increment.
Figure 5.7: Burn down chart for Sprint 3
Conclusion
Sprint 3 completed the platform dimension of GoFit by adding coach marketplace, coach-client follow-up, administration, and LLM-assisted preparation workflows. This sprint connects users, coaches, administrators, backend services, and automations into a broader operational system. The following chapter therefore focuses on deployment, architecture, security, limitations, and closing considerations.
6 Deployment and Closing Phase
This chapter presents the working environment, architecture, technology choices, deployment strategy, and final validation of GoFit.
6.1 Working Environment
6.1.1 Material Environment
Resource
Specification
Purpose
Development machine
Windows 11 workstation with modern multi-core CPU and sufficient RAM
Mobile, web, backend, and documentation work
Android emulator / device
Model and version to confirm
Mobile testing
iOS simulator / device
Model and version to confirm
Mobile testing when available
Cloud services
Supabase, optional Vercel/EAS/Expo services
Backend, admin deployment, and mobile builds
Table 6.1: Hardware/material environment
6.1.2 Software Environment
Software / Tool
Version / Stack
Use
Expo / React Native
Expo SDK 54, React Native 0.81
Cross-platform mobile app
TypeScript
Project TypeScript configuration
Typed mobile and web development
Next.js
Next.js admin panel
Web administration interface
Supabase
PostgreSQL, Auth, Storage, Realtime, Edge Functions
Backend services and security
Zustand
Persisted stores
Mobile state management
React Navigation
Stack and tab navigation
Mobile routing
Tailwind CSS / shadcn-style UI
Admin UI stack
Web interface styling
Git
Repository versioning
Source control and collaboration
Table 6.2: Software environment
6.2 Architecture and Technological Choices
6.2.1 Physical Architecture Diagram
Figure 6.1: Physical architecture diagram
Mermaid physical architecture diagram draft
flowchart TB  Mobile[GoFit mobile application] --> Supabase[Supabase backend]  Admin[GoFit administration panel] --> Supabase  Supabase --> DB[(PostgreSQL + RLS)]  Supabase --> Storage[(Storage buckets)]  Supabase --> Realtime[Realtime channels]  Supabase --> Edge[Edge Functions]  Edge --> Push[Expo Push]  Edge --> Video[LiveKit token service]  Edge --> Groq[Groq LLM API]  Mobile --> CV[On-device CV: MediaPipe / MoveNet]  Automation[n8n automations] --> Supabase  Automation --> Groq
6.2.2 Technologies
Expo and React Native were selected to target Android and iOS with a shared TypeScript codebase. Supabase was selected because it provides authentication, PostgreSQL, storage, realtime features, and security policies without requiring a custom backend server for every feature. Next.js was selected for the administration panel because it supports server-side rendering, route handlers, and secure server-side access to privileged Supabase operations.
6.2.3 Architecture Pattern
The mobile application follows a layered structure: presentation screens and reusable components, navigation, Zustand stores, domain services, and infrastructure clients such as Supabase. The admin panel follows a web application structure based on Next.js routes, server/client components, API route handlers, and Supabase admin utilities. The backend follows a database-centered BaaS architecture with migrations, row-level security, views, functions, storage, and edge functions.
6.2.4 Logical Architecture Diagram
Figure 6.2: Logical architecture diagram
Mermaid logical architecture diagram draft
flowchart TB  Mobile[GoFit mobile application] --> Supabase[Supabase backend]  Admin[GoFit administration panel] --> Supabase  Supabase --> DB[(PostgreSQL + RLS)]  Supabase --> Storage[(Storage buckets)]  Supabase --> Realtime[Realtime channels]  Supabase --> Edge[Edge Functions]  Edge --> Push[Expo Push]  Edge --> Video[LiveKit token service]  Edge --> Groq[Groq LLM API]  Mobile --> CV[On-device CV: MediaPipe / MoveNet]  Automation[n8n automations] --> Supabase  Automation --> Groq
6.2.5 GoFit Mobile Application Architecture
The mobile application is structured as a layered client application. Screens and reusable components are responsible for presentation, navigation manages access to feature areas, Zustand stores hold cross-screen state, service modules centralize data access, and infrastructure clients communicate with Supabase or local native modules. This separation reduces coupling between user interface code and persistence logic.
Layer
Responsibility
Examples in GoFit
Presentation
Display screens, forms, lists, charts, timers, and feedback states.
Authentication screens, workout screens, progress screens, coach marketplace screens.
Navigation
Route users according to authentication, onboarding, role, and feature context.
Auth navigator, onboarding flow, client app area, coach app area, detail screens.
State management
Store reusable client state and synchronize UI updates.
Auth store, workout store, profile state, timer preferences, progress state.
Domain services
Encapsulate API calls, persistence logic, and feature-specific operations.
Workout service, progress service, body measurement service, coach/booking services.
Native/AI modules
Execute device-specific or performance-sensitive functionality.
Camera capture, MediaPipe native module, MoveNet fallback, segmentation analysis.
Table 6.3: Mobile architecture responsibilities
6.2.6 GoFit Administration Panel Architecture
The administration panel provides a controlled back-office interface. It is designed separately from the mobile application because administrators need operational views, management tables, filters, analytics, settings, and privileged actions that should not be exposed in the client application. The panel uses protected routing and server-side Supabase access to keep administrative operations behind explicit authorization checks.
The admin panel should be validated with at least two account types: an administrator account that can access management screens and a normal account that must be blocked or redirected. This distinction is important because the panel can manage sensitive platform data such as coach validation status, user records, exercise content, transactions, and notifications.
6.2.6.1 Admin BI Data Architecture
The BI architecture follows a protected data-to-dashboard pipeline. PostgreSQL views such as bi_finance_daily, bi_user_lifecycle_daily, bi_coach_ops_daily, and bi_client_health_daily prepare canonical daily metrics. TypeScript service modules in the admin panel read those views and normalize the results into dashboard contracts. React components then display summary cards, trend panels, risk queues, cohort tables, finance details, and threshold alerts. API routes under /api/bi provide exports, saved views, snapshots, and scheduled digest execution.
The BI layer is deliberately separated from normal CRUD pages. CRUD pages manage individual records, while BI pages aggregate and interpret platform behavior. This separation reduces duplication and makes it clearer which parts of the panel are operational management and which parts are decision-support analytics. The v1 BI scope is also explicit: finance is gross-pack-sales oriented, lifecycle and cohort metrics depend on available history, risk queues are operational signals, and all BI access must remain admin-protected.
6.2.7 Supabase Backend, Data Security, and Realtime Services
The Supabase backend centralizes authentication, PostgreSQL data, storage, realtime communication, and Edge Functions. Row-level security is a central design decision: each user should access only their own client data, each coach should access only authorized client data, and administrators should access management data through controlled server-side contexts. Service-role keys must remain in trusted backend, admin, or automation environments and must never be bundled into the mobile application.
Component
Role
Security / validation concern
Supabase Auth
Manages identity, sessions, password reset, and protected access.
Check session handling, role mapping, and logout/session expiration behavior.
PostgreSQL database
Stores users, workouts, sessions, measurements, coaches, bookings, packs, messages, programs, and admin data.
Validate foreign keys, migrations, indexes, and data consistency.
RLS policies
Restrict row access according to user, coach, and administrator roles.
Test user-scoped, coach-scoped, and admin-scoped queries with different accounts.
Storage
Stores user-uploaded files such as coach documents, media, or progress-related assets when enabled.
Check bucket policies, private/public access, and file ownership.
Realtime/chat
Supports live communication and status updates.
Validate conversation membership, message visibility, and realtime channel permissions.
Edge Functions
Execute privileged operations such as push notification relay, video-token generation, and AI/backend workflows.
Keep secrets server-side and verify authorization inside each function.
n8n automations
Run scheduled or event-driven workflows such as AI session preparation and admin operations digest.
Use service-role access only in controlled environments and log workflow results.
Table 6.4: Backend and security components
6.2.8 AI-Assisted Development Methodology
GoFit was not developed only with traditional manual coding tools. The project also used AI-assisted software-engineering tools during analysis, implementation support, debugging, documentation, and report construction. This aspect must be documented because the internship concerns both the final GoFit platform and the way the platform was produced. The use of AI assistants changed the workflow: instead of only searching manually through files and documentation, the developer could ask targeted questions, compare implementation alternatives, generate structured drafts, and verify project evidence faster.
Codex was used as the main AI coding assistant. It worked inside the local GoFit workspace and had access to the repository files, terminal commands, generated documentation, and selected project tools. Codex helped inspect the mobile application, admin panel, database migrations, Supabase functions, n8n workflows, AI research notes, and academic documents. Its role was not to replace the developer; its role was to accelerate understanding, propose changes, identify missing documentation, summarize repository evidence, and generate drafts that were then reviewed and corrected.
A typical Codex-assisted workflow followed four steps. First, the developer described the objective, such as documenting the AI body-measurement pipeline or improving a sprint section. Second, Codex inspected the repository using command-line search and file reads. Third, Codex proposed or generated a concrete artifact, such as a report section, table, diagram draft, test plan, or code change. Fourth, the result was checked by running scripts, reading diffs, verifying generated files, and comparing claims against the repository. This human-in-the-loop process is important because AI-generated content can be incomplete, outdated, or too generic if it is not grounded in real project files.
Project phase
How Codex was used
Human validation
Requirements and scope analysis
Summarized existing documents, identified actors, extracted feature lists, and transformed project notes into functional and non-functional requirements.
Requirements were compared with project files, feature inventory, and supervisor expectations.
Architecture and design
Helped connect mobile, admin, Supabase, Edge Functions, n8n, AI models, and external services into coherent architecture explanations and diagrams.
Architecture claims were checked against repository folders, database migrations, and implementation notes.
Implementation support
Suggested implementation plans, reviewed code organization, identified related files, and helped reason about bugs or integration risks.
The developer decided what to apply, ran commands, inspected diffs, and avoided uncontrolled changes.
AI feature documentation
Connected body-measurement code, MediaPipe module details, segmentation research, validation notes, and LLM automation workflows.
Model names, limitations, and statuses were checked against the source files and troubleshooting documents.
Testing and QA planning
Generated test matrices, validation checklists, and structural document audits.
Tests and audits were executed locally when possible; limitations were documented when tools were unavailable.
PFE report writing
Generated the report structure, expanded chapter content, produced tables, created diagram drafts, and rebuilt the DOCX artifact.
The report was rebuilt, audited structurally, and revised based on missing project-process details.
Table 6.5: Codex usage during the GoFit project
6.2.9 MCPs and Connected Tooling Used to Stay Up to Date
The project also used connected tools and MCP-style integrations. MCP, or Model Context Protocol, is useful because it allows an AI assistant to interact with controlled external contexts instead of relying only on static model memory. In practice, this means the assistant can inspect local files, run commands, consult project documentation, use document-generation tools, and connect to specialized services when available. This was important for GoFit because the technology stack evolves quickly: Expo, React Native, Next.js, Supabase, AI tooling, and deployment workflows can change between academic years.
The MCP and plugin-based workflow helped keep the work closer to the current technical state. For example, official documentation and local repository files were preferred over memory when describing frameworks, Supabase behavior, OpenAI/Codex usage, and document generation. Local commands were used to inspect the real project instead of inventing features. Document tooling was used to generate and audit the Word report. Supabase and automation-related context was used to describe backend workflows, database artifacts, Edge Functions, and n8n flows more accurately.
Tool / connector type
Purpose
Example contribution to the report or project
Local filesystem and terminal tools
Inspect repository files, search code, run scripts, check generated artifacts, and verify counts.
Used to read GoFitMobile, admin-panel, database, docs, and n8n workflow files before writing report sections.
Official documentation / web lookup
Verify current technology information when framework behavior or product details may have changed.
Used as a principle for up-to-date descriptions of fast-moving tools such as Expo, Supabase, Next.js, OpenAI/Codex, and AI APIs.
Documents tooling
Create, edit, audit, and regenerate DOCX deliverables.
Used to generate the PFE report, add accessibility metadata, mark table headers, and validate DOCX structure.
Supabase-related tooling
Reason about backend services, migrations, RLS, Edge Functions, database tables, and security boundaries.
Supported sections on authentication, PostgreSQL, storage, realtime, RLS, service-role isolation, and backend architecture.
Browser / app inspection tools
Check local or web interfaces when visual or runtime verification is required.
Useful for validating frontend behavior, screenshots, documentation pages, and current technology references.
Automation tooling
Inspect or execute n8n workflows and Docker-based automation environments when needed.
Supported documentation of AI session preparation, admin digest automation, and service-role workflow execution.
PDF/document readers
Use the uploaded example report for structural inspiration without copying its content.
Helped reproduce the academic organization, front matter, chapter order, tables, figures, and report style.
Table 6.6: MCP and connected tools used in the project workflow
MCP methodology: MCPs were not treated as automatic truth sources. They were used to access controlled context: local files, official documentation, generated documents, database-related material, and automation artifacts. Final claims still required human review and consistency checks.
6.2.10 Complete Toolchain Used to Build GoFit
The following table summarizes the main tools used to create GoFit. It includes product technologies, development tools, AI assistants, automation services, and documentation tools. This list is useful because the PFE evaluates not only the final application but also the engineering environment used to produce it.
Category
Tools
Use in the project
Mobile development
Expo SDK, React Native, TypeScript, React Navigation, Zustand, Expo Camera, Expo Secure Store.
Build the cross-platform mobile app, navigation flows, state management, authentication persistence, camera/photo capture, and client/coach screens.
Web administration
Next.js App Router, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, shadcn-style UI components.
Build the admin panel, protected routes, dashboards, management pages, forms, analytics, and operational interfaces.
Backend and database
Supabase Auth, PostgreSQL, RLS, Storage, Realtime, Edge Functions, SQL migrations.
Provide authentication, persistent data, security policies, media storage, realtime communication, and privileged backend operations.
AI and computer vision
MoveNet Lightning, TensorFlow Lite, MediaPipe Pose Landmarker, MediaPipe Image Segmenter, local Expo native module.
Implement AI-assisted body measurement using pose detection, segmentation, feature extraction, and statistical estimation.
LLM and automation
Groq API, n8n workflows, Supabase service-role REST calls.
Generate adaptive workout recommendations, coach session briefings, AI session notes, and admin operations digests.
Communication and external services
Expo Push, LiveKit, optional hosting/storage providers.
Support notifications, video-call token flows, media/storage extension, and remote coaching features.
Development assistance
Codex, MCP/tool connectors, terminal commands, repository search, document-generation scripts.
Accelerate analysis, implementation support, debugging, report writing, current-doc lookup, and artifact generation.
Quality and documentation
Git, Python docx scripts, accessibility audit, generated diagrams, project documentation files.
Version work, generate the DOCX report, audit structure, maintain architecture/feature/sprint notes, and prepare submission artifacts.
Deployment preparation
EAS Build, Next.js-compatible hosting, Supabase project configuration, environment variables.
Prepare mobile builds, web hosting, backend deployment, secret separation, and production release steps.
Table 6.7: Complete development and production toolchain
Figure 6.3: AI-assisted development and MCP workflow
Academic transparency: The report should clearly state that AI assistants supported development and documentation, but they did not replace human implementation responsibility. All generated code, diagrams, report text, and technical claims must be checked against the repository and corrected when inaccurate.
6.2.11 n8n Automation Layer
GoFit includes an automation layer implemented with n8n workflow exports located in docs/automation/n8n/workflows. These workflows are part of the product because they perform scheduled operational work that would otherwise require manual monitoring by coaches or administrators. The n8n layer is separate from the mobile application and the admin panel: it runs in a trusted automation environment, calls Supabase through REST endpoints, and creates persistent rows in the database.
The v1 automation design uses self-hosted n8n Community Edition as the practical free option. Runtime secrets are injected through environment variables. SUPABASE_URL identifies the backend project, SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY allows controlled server-side access, and GROQ_API_KEY is required only by the AI Session Prep workflow. These secrets must never be committed to the repository, placed in mobile code, or exposed in client-side admin bundles.
Each workflow uses a schedule trigger followed by a tested Code node. The exported canvases also include sticky-note cards that document the schedule window, query logic, duplicate guard, notification creation, and run summary. This structure keeps the executable path small while still making the workflow understandable for maintenance and academic documentation.
Workflow
Trigger
Data read
Actions performed
Guard / control
AI Session Prep v1
Every 60 minutes
Confirmed bookings in the next 24 hours, coach profile, client profile, recent completed sessions, private coach notes, and recent check-ins.
Calls Groq from n8n, inserts an ai_session_notes row, and creates a coach notification with data.kind = ai_session_ready.
Skips unexpired existing notes for the same coach/client pair and repairs missing coach notification when needed.
Booking Reminders v1
Every 15 minutes
Confirmed bookings starting within the next 60 minutes plus coach user mapping.
Creates one client notification and one coach notification with data.kind = booking_starting_soon.
Skips duplicate reminders for the same booking, recipient role, and 60-minute window.
Check-in Reminders v1
Every 4 hours
Enabled check_in_schedules, current UTC date/time, and check_in_responses for the day.
Creates a client notification with data.kind = check_in_due.
Skips schedules not due, clients who already responded, and existing reminders for the same schedule/date.
Coach Daily Digest v1
Daily
Coach profiles, check-in schedules and responses, upcoming confirmed bookings, active packs, booking history, and BI client-health daily rows.
Creates a coach notification summarizing missed check-ins, low wellness signals, upcoming sessions, and inactive clients.
Skips coaches with no useful signal and skips duplicate digest notifications for the same coach and UTC date.
Admin Ops Digest v1
Daily
Admin user profiles, new users, pending coaches, booking outcomes, and pack purchases from the last 24 hours.
Creates an admin_notifications row per administrator with operational counts and a deterministic digest link.
Skips duplicate admin digests for the same admin, title, and date link; automation_failures_count remains 0 in v1 because failures are not yet persisted.
Table 6.8: n8n workflows implemented in GoFit
Topic
Design decision
Reason / evidence to attach
Secret management
SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY and GROQ_API_KEY stay inside the n8n runtime environment.
Prevents privileged keys from being bundled into the mobile app, admin client, .env.example, or workflow JSON.
Service-role access
Workflows use service-role access only from trusted automation infrastructure.
Needed for scheduled background work while keeping normal app access protected by RLS.
AI boundary
AI Session Prep calls Groq directly from n8n instead of calling the ai-session-notes Edge Function.
The Edge Function is designed for authenticated coach actions; the automation flow is a scheduled server-side job.
Notification strategy
v1 workflows create in-app notification rows rather than sending push notifications directly.
Push delivery needs token, retry, throttling, and failure handling before being automated safely.
Client privacy
Clients do not read ai_session_notes through normal app access.
The table is coach-facing and protected by coach-only authenticated access rules.
Time handling
Daily and due-date workflows use UTC in v1.
Timezone-aware scheduling can be added after user/coach timezone preferences are finalized.
Idempotency
Each workflow checks existing rows before inserting new notifications or notes.
Manual verification must show that a second run does not create duplicates.
Report evidence
Final report should attach workflow canvas screenshots, run summaries, and Supabase rows for each workflow.
Evidence proves that workflows are implemented and not only planned.
Table 6.9: n8n security, limits, and evidence requirements
Figure 6.4: n8n automation layer
Mermaid n8n automation diagram draft
flowchart LR    A[n8n schedule trigger] --> B[Workflow code node]    B --> C[Supabase REST API]    B --> D[Groq API for AI Session Prep]    C --> E[(PostgreSQL tables)]    E --> F[ai_session_notes]    E --> G[notifications]    E --> H[admin_notifications]    G --> I[Mobile coach/client inbox]    H --> J[Admin panel]    B --> K[Run summary counts]
6.2.12 Libraries, Dependencies, and Device Feedback
A complete PFE report should not describe GoFit only through screens and database tables. The implementation also depends on a large set of libraries that provide navigation, state management, forms, validation, media capture, haptic feedback, animations, charts, video calls, localization, notifications, artificial intelligence, and administration-table behavior. The following tables summarize the main libraries identified from the mobile and admin package files and explain how they support the product.
Library / family
Used for
Examples in GoFit
Expo SDK and React Native
Cross-platform mobile runtime, native APIs, Android/iOS builds, and shared TypeScript UI.
Main GoFitMobile application, Expo dev client, camera access, file/document picker, image picker, splash screen, status bar, and EAS build preparation.
React Navigation
Stack, tab, and role-aware navigation between client, coach, authentication, onboarding, and detail screens.
Auth flow, onboarding flow, client app tabs, coach app tabs, profile/settings screens, marketplace details, booking, programs, and workout session routes.
Zustand and persisted state
Lightweight state management for reusable mobile state.
Auth/session state, workout state, timer preferences, bookings, calendar, chat, coach/client data, health, language, marketplace, packs, programs, theme, text size, nutrition, daily coach, and wallet state.
Supabase JavaScript client
Authenticated access to Supabase Auth, PostgreSQL, Storage, Realtime, and Edge Functions.
User profiles, workouts, sessions, coach marketplace, bookings, packs, chat, notifications, AI session notes, barcode lookup, video-token generation, and push notification relay.
Expo Secure Store and Async Storage
Secure session persistence and local preference persistence.
Auth tokens, user session continuity, persisted preferences, and local app state that must survive app restarts.
Expo Notifications and push helpers
Local notification scheduling, notification permissions, push-token registration, and notification inbox integration.
Workout reminders, weekly progress reports, achievement/test notifications, push-token registration, notification preferences, and transactional notification rows.
Expo Haptics
Physical feedback for taps, selections, timer events, success states, warning states, and error states.
Auth buttons, onboarding controls, home cards, rest timer, workout session actions, body measurement, nutrition logging, booking, chat, coach programs, coach packs, settings, and profile actions.
Expo Camera, Image Picker, Image Manipulator, Image, File System
Photo capture, photo selection, image processing, and file access.
Progress photos, body-measurement capture, coach CV/certification upload flows, and image-based AI preparation.
Media and native AI libraries
On-device or native computer-vision support.
react-native-fast-tflite, MediaPipe native module, MoveNet/TFLite fallback, segmentation analysis, pose landmarks, and measurement estimator support.
LiveKit and WebRTC libraries
Realtime video-call support between coaches and clients.
LiveKit React Native, Expo plugin, WebRTC bridge, video token function, and video-call screen.
Forms, validation, localization, and UI helpers
Typed input handling, validation, translation, icons, charts, dates, gestures, animations, and SVG rendering.
React Hook Form, Zod, i18next/react-i18next, lucide-react-native, react-native-chart-kit, date-fns, gesture handler, reanimated, vector icons, SVG, safe-area, screens, and worklets.
Table 6.10: Mobile libraries and implementation roles
Library / family
Used for
Examples in GoFit admin
Next.js and React
Administration web application, App Router pages, route handlers, server-side access, and protected dashboard views.
Login, dashboard, users, coaches, exercises, workouts, transactions, notifications, settings, activity logs, BI routes, and health endpoints.
Supabase SSR and Supabase JS
Server/client Supabase access with session-aware and admin/server-side operations.
Protected admin routes, admin data loading, API route handlers, role checks, database access, and privileged management actions.
Tailwind CSS and shadcn/Radix UI patterns
Consistent admin interface components and accessible controls.
Dialogs, dropdowns, checkboxes, popovers, progress, scroll areas, select menus, switches, toasts, alert dialogs, and management forms.
React Hook Form, Zod, and Hookform resolvers
Form state, validation, typed payloads, and error messages.
Admin create/edit forms, user/coach management validation, exercise/workout forms, settings, and API request validation.
TanStack React Table
Dense sortable/filterable tabular administration views.
Users, coaches, exercises, workouts, transactions, notifications, and BI/listing screens.
Recharts, date-fns, Lucide React
Charts, date formatting, and consistent admin iconography.
Dashboard metrics, BI snapshots, date filters, operations digests, navigation icons, action buttons, and status indicators.
Sonner, cmdk, next-themes, class utilities
Toasts, command/search interactions, theme handling, and conditional styling.
Admin feedback messages, search/command patterns, light/dark support, and reusable component variants.
AWS S3 client
Optional object-storage integration where hosting/storage extension is required.
Admin or backend-facing media/file workflows when external storage is configured.
Table 6.11: Admin panel libraries and implementation roles
Feature area
Feedback type
Implementation detail
Rest timer and workout session
Light, medium, heavy impact, success feedback, and countdown feedback.
The timer preference includes haptics_enabled; useRestTimer, EnhancedRestTimer, TimerModal, and WorkoutSessionScreen call haptic helpers for timer actions, countdown thresholds, set completion, and workout milestones.
Authentication and onboarding
Light impact and selection feedback.
Welcome buttons, social buttons, checkboxes, onboarding navigation, weight selector, and personal details flows use Expo Haptics to make taps and selections feel responsive.
Home dashboard and quick actions
Light or medium impact, plus success feedback where relevant.
Home cards for articles, health, check-ins, nutrition, daily coach loop, recommended workouts, quick actions, programs, top workouts, and top trainers use haptics for card presses and action confirmations.
Progress and body measurement
Light/medium impact, warning feedback, and success feedback.
Progress photos, photo detail, workout statistics, body-measurement capture, AI scan warnings, and successful measurement saves use tactile confirmation.
Nutrition and check-ins
Light/medium impact, selection feedback, and success notification feedback.
Nutrition dashboard, food adding, nutrition goals, barcode/food actions, and check-in submission use haptics to distinguish selection, confirmation, and completion events.
Profile and settings
Light impact, selection feedback, success feedback, and error feedback.
Text size, units, language, account information, height/weight editing, habits, notification settings, bookings/reviews, health sync, and preferences use haptics to support settings changes and save/error states.
Coach marketplace and booking
Light/medium impact and warning feedback.
Marketplace browsing, coach detail, booking slot selection, client views, calendar interactions, availability, session packs, and booking decisions provide tactile response on important actions.
Coach app communication and management
Light/medium impact and success/error feedback.
Coach dashboard navigation, client list/detail, notes, check-ins, calendar, profile/settings, chat, conversations, programs, program builder, packs, certifications, and CV upload use haptics for action acknowledgement.
Design principle
Feedback is assistive, not decorative.
Light feedback is used for ordinary taps/selections, medium/heavy feedback for stronger actions or timer thresholds, and notification feedback for success, warning, or error states. Haptics should remain configurable where the feature exposes preferences.
Table 6.12: Haptics and tactile feedback coverage
6.2.13 Exact Runtime Dependency Inventory
The previous tables explain the main technology families. For traceability, the following tables list the exact runtime dependencies declared by the mobile application and the administration panel package files. This makes the report auditable against the project source instead of depending only on a summarized technology paragraph.
Package
Version
Role in GoFit
@expo-google-fonts/barlow
^0.4.1
Expo-supported mobile UI, fonts, icons, or native capability.
@expo/vector-icons
^15.0.3
Expo-supported mobile UI, fonts, icons, or native capability.
@hookform/resolvers
^5.2.2
Connects React Hook Form with schema validation.
@livekit/react-native
^2.9.6
Coach/client video-call and WebRTC integration.
@livekit/react-native-expo-plugin
^1.0.1
Coach/client video-call and WebRTC integration.
@livekit/react-native-webrtc
^137.0.3
Coach/client video-call and WebRTC integration.
@react-native-async-storage/async-storage
^2.2.0
Local persisted preference and state storage.
@react-native-community/datetimepicker
8.4.4
Runtime dependency used by the GoFit implementation.
@react-native-masked-view/masked-view
^0.3.2
Runtime dependency used by the GoFit implementation.
@react-navigation/bottom-tabs
^7.8.11
Mobile navigation stacks, tabs, and route transitions.
@react-navigation/native
^7.1.24
Mobile navigation stacks, tabs, and route transitions.
@react-navigation/stack
^7.6.11
Mobile navigation stacks, tabs, and route transitions.
@supabase/supabase-js
^2.86.2
Supabase authentication, database, storage, realtime, SSR, or server access.
date-fns
^4.1.0
Date formatting, filtering, and scheduling logic.
expo
~54.0.33
Expo native module or build/runtime capability used by the mobile application.
expo-av
^16.0.8
Expo native module or build/runtime capability used by the mobile application.
expo-blur
~15.0.8
Expo native module or build/runtime capability used by the mobile application.
expo-build-properties
~1.0.10
Expo native module or build/runtime capability used by the mobile application.
expo-calendar
~15.0.8
Expo native module or build/runtime capability used by the mobile application.
expo-camera
~17.0.10
Expo native module or build/runtime capability used by the mobile application.
expo-dev-client
~6.0.20
Expo native module or build/runtime capability used by the mobile application.
expo-document-picker
~14.0.8
Expo native module or build/runtime capability used by the mobile application.
expo-file-system
~19.0.21
Expo native module or build/runtime capability used by the mobile application.
expo-font
~14.0.11
Expo native module or build/runtime capability used by the mobile application.
expo-haptics
^15.0.8
Expo native module or build/runtime capability used by the mobile application.
expo-health-connect
^0.1.1
Expo native module or build/runtime capability used by the mobile application.
expo-image
^3.0.11
Expo native module or build/runtime capability used by the mobile application.
expo-image-manipulator
~14.0.8
Expo native module or build/runtime capability used by the mobile application.
expo-image-picker
~17.0.10
Expo native module or build/runtime capability used by the mobile application.
expo-linear-gradient
^15.0.8
Expo native module or build/runtime capability used by the mobile application.
expo-localization
~17.0.8
Expo native module or build/runtime capability used by the mobile application.
expo-location
~19.0.8
Expo native module or build/runtime capability used by the mobile application.
expo-notifications
~0.32.16
Expo native module or build/runtime capability used by the mobile application.
expo-secure-store
^15.0.8
Expo native module or build/runtime capability used by the mobile application.
expo-splash-screen
~31.0.13
Expo native module or build/runtime capability used by the mobile application.
expo-status-bar
~3.0.9
Expo native module or build/runtime capability used by the mobile application.
expo-video
~3.0.16
Expo native module or build/runtime capability used by the mobile application.
i18next
^25.7.2
Mobile localization engine.
jpeg-js
^0.4.4
JPEG/image processing support for image-based flows.
lucide-react-native
^0.556.0
Mobile icon library.
react
19.1.0
React component runtime.
react-dom
^19.1.0
React web rendering for the admin panel.
react-hook-form
^7.68.0
Form state management and validation workflow.
react-i18next
^16.4.0
React bindings for mobile localization.
react-native
0.81.5
React Native ecosystem package for native UI, media, animation, or platform support.
react-native-chart-kit
^6.12.0
React Native ecosystem package for native UI, media, animation, or platform support.
react-native-fast-tflite
^3.0.0
React Native ecosystem package for native UI, media, animation, or platform support.
react-native-gesture-handler
~2.28.0
React Native ecosystem package for native UI, media, animation, or platform support.
react-native-health-connect
^3.5.0
React Native ecosystem package for native UI, media, animation, or platform support.
react-native-incall-manager
^4.2.1
React Native ecosystem package for native UI, media, animation, or platform support.
react-native-nitro-modules
^0.35.4
React Native ecosystem package for native UI, media, animation, or platform support.
react-native-reanimated
~4.1.1
React Native ecosystem package for native UI, media, animation, or platform support.
react-native-safe-area-context
^5.6.2
React Native ecosystem package for native UI, media, animation, or platform support.
react-native-screens
~4.16.0
React Native ecosystem package for native UI, media, animation, or platform support.
react-native-svg
15.12.1
React Native ecosystem package for native UI, media, animation, or platform support.
react-native-vector-icons
^10.3.0
React Native ecosystem package for native UI, media, animation, or platform support.
react-native-web
^0.21.2
React Native ecosystem package for native UI, media, animation, or platform support.
react-native-worklets
0.5.1
React Native ecosystem package for native UI, media, animation, or platform support.
react-native-worklets-core
^1.6.3
React Native ecosystem package for native UI, media, animation, or platform support.
webrtc-adapter
^9.0.4
WebRTC compatibility adapter for video-call behavior.
zod
^4.1.13
Typed schema validation.
zustand
^5.0.9
Mobile state management and persisted stores.
Table 6.13: Mobile runtime dependency inventory
Package
Version
Role in GoFit admin
@aws-sdk/client-s3
^3.980.0
Optional S3-compatible object-storage integration.
@hookform/resolvers
^5.2.2
Connects React Hook Form with schema validation.
@radix-ui/react-alert-dialog
^1.1.15
Accessible primitive component used in the admin UI.
@radix-ui/react-avatar
^1.1.11
Accessible primitive component used in the admin UI.
@radix-ui/react-checkbox
^1.3.3
Accessible primitive component used in the admin UI.
@radix-ui/react-collapsible
^1.1.12
Accessible primitive component used in the admin UI.
@radix-ui/react-dialog
^1.1.15
Accessible primitive component used in the admin UI.
@radix-ui/react-dropdown-menu
^2.1.16
Accessible primitive component used in the admin UI.
@radix-ui/react-popover
^1.1.15
Accessible primitive component used in the admin UI.
@radix-ui/react-progress
^1.1.8
Accessible primitive component used in the admin UI.
@radix-ui/react-scroll-area
^1.2.10
Accessible primitive component used in the admin UI.
@radix-ui/react-select
^2.2.6
Accessible primitive component used in the admin UI.
@radix-ui/react-slot
^1.2.4
Accessible primitive component used in the admin UI.
@radix-ui/react-switch
^1.2.6
Accessible primitive component used in the admin UI.
@radix-ui/react-toast
^1.2.15
Accessible primitive component used in the admin UI.
@supabase/ssr
^0.8.0
Supabase authentication, database, storage, realtime, SSR, or server access.
@supabase/supabase-js
^2.90.1
Supabase authentication, database, storage, realtime, SSR, or server access.
@tanstack/react-table
^8.21.3
Runtime dependency used by the GoFit implementation.
class-variance-authority
^0.7.1
Reusable component variant styling for the admin interface.
clsx
^2.1.1
Conditional class-name composition.
cmdk
^1.1.1
Command/search interface behavior.
date-fns
^4.1.0
Date formatting, filtering, and scheduling logic.
lucide-react
^0.562.0
Admin panel icon library.
next
16.1.3
Next.js administration panel framework.
next-themes
^0.4.6
Admin panel light/dark theme handling.
react
19.2.3
React component runtime.
react-day-picker
^9.13.0
Admin date-picker/calendar interactions.
react-dom
19.2.3
React web rendering for the admin panel.
react-hook-form
^7.71.1
Form state management and validation workflow.
recharts
^3.6.0
Admin dashboard charts and analytics visualizations.
sonner
^2.0.7
Toast notifications in the admin panel.
tailwind-merge
^3.4.0
Tailwind class conflict resolution.
tailwindcss-animate
^1.0.7
Animation utilities for Tailwind-based admin UI.
zod
^4.3.5
Typed schema validation.
Table 6.14: Admin panel runtime dependency inventory
6.3 Deployment
6.3.1 Deployment Diagram
Figure 6.5: Deployment diagram
Mermaid deployment diagram draft
flowchart LR  Repo[Source repository] --> EAS[EAS mobile build]  Repo --> Web[Next.js hosting]  Repo --> Supa[Supabase project]  EAS --> Android[Android build]  EAS --> IOS[iOS build]  Web --> AdminPanel[Administration panel]  Supa --> Auth[Auth]  Supa --> DB[(Database migrations)]  Supa --> Edge[Edge Functions]  Supa --> Storage[Storage]  Env[Environment variables] --> EAS  Env --> Web  Env --> Supa
6.3.2 CI/CD or Hosting
The mobile application can be built using Expo/EAS for Android and iOS. The web administration panel can be hosted on a Next.js-compatible platform such as Vercel. Supabase hosts the database, authentication, storage, realtime features, and edge functions. The n8n automation layer can be hosted as a self-hosted container with a persistent volume and environment-injected secrets. Environment variables must be separated by environment, and service-role keys must remain server-side only.
6.3.3 Test Results
Test ID
Feature
Scenario
Preconditions
Steps
Expected
Actual
Status
Evidence
F-T01
End-to-end mobile flow
Client signs in and completes core workout flow
Test user and workout data available
Sign in; open workout; complete session; view history
Session appears in history and progress data
No attached execution evidence yet
To be validated
TODO: attach screenshots or device recording
F-T02
Database/RLS
User cannot access another user's data
Two test accounts and RLS policies enabled
Query scoped data from each account
Only authorized rows are returned
No attached execution evidence yet
To be validated
TODO: attach SQL or Supabase policy test output
F-T03
Admin panel
Non-admin is blocked and admin can manage data
Admin and non-admin accounts exist
Open admin routes with both accounts
Admin allowed; non-admin denied
No attached execution evidence yet
To be validated
TODO: attach browser screenshots
F-T04
AI measurement
Photo analysis returns draft values or warnings
Android dev build and test captures available
Capture front/side photos; run analysis; review result
Draft values are editable and warnings are shown when quality is weak
Debug observations documented; final evidence missing
Partially validated
TODO: attach device screenshot and debug output
F-T05
n8n automations
All five workflows run manually without duplicates
n8n container configured with Supabase and Groq environment variables
Run AI Session Prep, Booking Reminders, Check-in Reminders, Coach Daily Digest, and Admin Ops Digest twice
First run creates expected rows; second run reports skips or no duplicates
Workflow exports documented; final run screenshots missing
To be validated
TODO: attach n8n run summaries and Supabase row evidence
F-T06
Deployment
Mobile/admin/backend/automation deployment readiness
Production env variables and build config prepared
Run EAS build, admin deployment, Supabase checks, and n8n workflow import
Builds and hosted services are reachable; workflows are imported and scheduled
No attached execution evidence yet
Manual validation required
TODO: attach build/deployment output
Table 6.15: Final validation matrix
General Conclusion
The GoFit graduation internship project produced a substantial software foundation for a modern fitness platform. It combines a mobile application for clients and coaches, a web administration panel, and a Supabase backend. The repository contains implementations or foundations for authentication, onboarding, profile management, workout planning, exercise library, active workout sessions, rest timer, progress tracking, nutrition-related flows, coach marketplace features, bookings, chat, programs, notifications, analytics, administration, and deployment preparation.
Beyond the visible interfaces, the project demonstrates several engineering competencies. The mobile application required cross-platform architecture, state management, navigation design, camera and native-module integration, and device-oriented testing. The backend required database normalization, migrations, row-level security, storage, realtime communication, Edge Functions, and service-role separation. The web administration panel required protected server-side access, operational dashboards, CRUD foundations, analytics, and admin-specific security.
The AI dimension of the project is also significant. The body-measurement feature required a study of computer-vision models, including MoveNet, MediaPipe Pose Landmarker, MediaPipe Image Segmenter, segmentation masks, feature vectors, statistical estimation, confidence handling, and validation protocols. The language-model features required controlled prompts, backend/n8n integration, Groq usage, and careful limits so that generated recommendations and session briefings remain assistant outputs rather than automatic decisions. The automation layer includes five n8n workflows: AI Session Prep, Booking Reminders, Check-in Reminders, Coach Daily Digest, and Admin Ops Digest.
The project also reflects the evolution of modern software development practice. AI tools such as Codex were used during development and reporting to accelerate repository analysis, code navigation, documentation synthesis, and report generation. MCP-style connected tools made the assistant more useful by grounding work in local files, official documentation, document-generation utilities, Supabase-related context, automation artifacts, and command outputs. This use was supervised and verified through local files, structural checks, diffs, and project-specific evidence. The report therefore documents both AI as a GoFit product capability and AI as a controlled development-support tool.
The main remaining work before production release concerns final QA and institutional finalization. The application should be tested on real Android and iOS devices, the iOS MediaPipe path should be finalized if the AI measurement feature is shipped on both platforms, store builds should be generated, production environment variables should be reviewed, payment/video flows should be hardened if activated, and final screenshots should replace diagram drafts where required by the university.
Bibliography
Reference
Source
Use
[1]
Expo documentation
Mobile application development and EAS build process
[2]
React Native documentation
Cross-platform mobile UI and APIs
[3]
Supabase documentation
Authentication, database, storage, realtime, RLS, and edge functions
[4]
Next.js documentation
Administration panel, App Router, server components, route handlers
[5]
Scrum Guide
Scrum roles, artifacts, events, and iterative methodology
[6]
GoFit repository documentation
Project-specific architecture, features, database, and sprint planning
[7]
MediaPipe documentation
Pose Landmarker, Image Segmenter, native vision tasks, landmark and segmentation concepts
[8]
TensorFlow Lite / MoveNet documentation
On-device pose-estimation baseline and model format
[9]
Groq API documentation
Language-model integration for recommendation and briefing flows
[10]
n8n documentation
Workflow automation, schedule triggers, HTTP/API orchestration, code nodes
[11]
OpenAI Codex / AI coding assistant usage notes
AI-assisted development, repository analysis, documentation support, and supervised code-generation workflow
[12]
LiveKit documentation
Video-call token generation and realtime room connection concepts
[13]
Model Context Protocol and connector/tooling documentation
Controlled access to current project context, external tools, official documentation, and local artifact generation
[14]
Git documentation
Version control, change tracking, branch management, and diff review
Table B.1: Bibliography
Appendices
Appendix A: Repository Evidence Map
Path / area
Content
How it supports the report
GoFitMobile
Expo/React Native mobile application, screens, services, stores, navigation, local native MediaPipe module, assets, model files.
Supports mobile implementation chapters, body-measurement AI section, workout/session details, coach/client flows.
admin-panel
Next.js administration interface, protected admin pages, dashboard, management screens, UI components.
Supports Sprint 3 administration section and deployment architecture.
database
SQL migrations, schema design, RLS policies, functions, marketplace helpers, measurement tables.
Supports backend, security, data model, and deployment sections.
supabase/functions
Edge Functions such as push notification, video token generation, and body-measurement related paths.
Supports backend integration, privileged operations, and external-service sections.
docs
Architecture notes, feature inventory, sprint breakdown, troubleshooting, AI research, validation protocol, report drafts.
Supports academic structure, methodology, feature scope, and AI transparency.
docs/automation/n8n
n8n workflow JSON files and automation notes.
Supports AI Session Prep, Booking Reminders, Check-in Reminders, Coach Daily Digest, Admin Ops Digest, automation security, and verification sections.
Table A.1: Repository evidence used for the report
Appendix B: Complete Feature Coverage From Source Audit
This appendix exists because GoFit is larger than the first report draft suggested. The project contains a client mobile app, a coach mobile app, an administration panel, Supabase backend functions and migrations, AI modules, and n8n operational workflows. The following checklist should be used when adding final screenshots or proof before submission.
Area
Feature families to cover
Evidence to attach
Client mobile app
Auth, onboarding, profile, goals, units, workout library, exercise detail, workout builder, active session, rest timer, summary, calendar/timeline, statistics, records, progress photos, body measurements, nutrition, barcode lookup, health sync, habits, readiness, notifications, marketplace, coach detail, bookings, packs, programs, chat, video entry points, settings, haptics, and device feedback.
Screenshots of main flows; screen list or navigation capture; service/store references; haptic interaction examples.
Coach mobile app
Coach onboarding, CV/certification upload, pending validation, profile preview, dashboard, clients, progress, notes, check-ins, calendar, availability, chat, wallet, packs, programs, program builder, profile, settings, video session screen, and coach-side haptic feedback.
Screenshots of coach flow; Supabase rows for coach profile, bookings, packs, and messages; haptic interaction examples.
Admin panel
Login, protected dashboard, users, user details, coaches, certifications, exercises, workouts, transactions, notifications, settings, activity logs, BI APIs, exports, saved views, scheduled digests, imports, bulk operations, and health route.
Admin screenshots; protected route test; route/API inventory.
Backend and database
Auth, user profiles, workouts, sessions, native workouts, nutrition, saved meals, progress photos, health/readiness, notifications, marketplace, bookings, packs, wallet, chat, check-ins, AI templates/session notes, BI views, admin settings, admin notifications, audit logs, storage, realtime, RLS, and security optimization.
Migration list; schema screenshots; RLS/security notes; Supabase function list.
AI and computer vision
MediaPipe Pose Landmarker, MediaPipe Image Segmenter, MoveNet/TFLite fallback, feature extraction, statistical measurement estimator, confidence scoring, photo quality warnings, manual correction, AI workout recommendation, AI session notes, and Groq-based briefing generation.
Model files/module references; debug output; validation photos; prompt/function screenshots.
n8n automation
AI Session Prep, Booking Reminders, Check-in Reminders, Coach Daily Digest, Admin Ops Digest, duplicate guards, run summaries, notification creation, and secret separation.
Workflow canvas screenshots; run summaries; Supabase notification/note/admin_notification rows.
Development process
Codex-assisted repository analysis, MCP/tool usage, official documentation lookup, document generation, dependency/library inventory, accessibility audit, Git versioning, and report regeneration.
Command outputs, package.json dependency evidence, report-generation script, accessibility audit, and final DOCX metadata.
Table A.2: Source-audited feature coverage checklist
Appendix C: Complete Source Feature Inventory
This appendix is generated from the project feature inventory and is used as a coverage ledger for the report. It does not replace the narrative chapters; instead, it proves that the report accounts for the implemented mobile client, mobile coach, administration, backend, AI, automation, and infrastructure work found in the repository.
The source inventory declares 249 implemented feature blocks. The generated appendix keeps one additional shared mobile application-shell row because it documents bootstrapping, global providers, notifications, deep links, and role-aware routing used by both client and coach areas. Therefore, the appendix contains 250 coverage rows: 249 declared feature blocks plus 1 shared foundation row.
Area
Feature blocks
Source
Mobile client application features, including the shared mobile shell
117
Parsed from FEATURES.md feature blocks.
Mobile coach application features
35
Parsed from FEATURES.md feature blocks.
Administration panel features
55
Parsed from FEATURES.md feature blocks.
Backend, database, Edge Function, and infrastructure features
43
Parsed from FEATURES.md feature blocks.
Declared source feature blocks
249
Published in FEATURES.md summary table.
Coverage rows retained in appendix
250
Includes the shared mobile application-shell row.
Table A.3: Feature inventory summary
No.
Feature
Implementation evidence
Libraries / backend
Purpose
1
Application shell, splash, fonts, and global providers
GoFitMobile/App.tsx; SplashScreen, ErrorBoundary, NotificationBanner, CustomDialog under GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/; notifications.ts (push registration);...
push_tokens (registration); Supabase Auth session; Expo (fonts, splash, notifications), React Navigation, Safe Area
Bootstraps the native app, restores session, routes client vs coach experiences, handles deep links and foreground notifications.
2
ForgotPasswordScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/auth/ForgotPasswordScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/auth/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/services/auth.ts; G...
Supabase Auth; user_profiles; Supabase JS; expo-secure-store (via persisted stores)
Client credential flows, OTP reset, and password success UX.
3
LoginScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/auth/LoginScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/auth/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/services/auth.ts; GoFitMobil...
Supabase Auth; user_profiles; Supabase JS; expo-secure-store (via persisted stores)
Client credential flows, OTP reset, and password success UX.
4
PasswordChangedSuccessScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/auth/PasswordChangedSuccessScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/auth/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/services/au...
Supabase Auth; user_profiles; Supabase JS; expo-secure-store (via persisted stores)
Client credential flows, OTP reset, and password success UX.
5
ResetPasswordScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/auth/ResetPasswordScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/auth/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/services/auth.ts; Go...
Supabase Auth; user_profiles; Supabase JS; expo-secure-store (via persisted stores)
Client credential flows, OTP reset, and password success UX.
6
SignupScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/auth/SignupScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/auth/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/services/auth.ts; GoFitMobi...
Supabase Auth; user_profiles; Supabase JS; expo-secure-store (via persisted stores)
Client credential flows, OTP reset, and password success UX.
7
VerifyOtpScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/auth/VerifyOtpScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/auth/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/services/auth.ts; GoFitM...
Supabase Auth; user_profiles; Supabase JS; expo-secure-store (via persisted stores)
Client credential flows, OTP reset, and password success UX.
8
WelcomeScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/auth/WelcomeScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/auth/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/services/auth.ts; GoFitMob...
Supabase Auth; user_profiles; Supabase JS; expo-secure-store (via persisted stores)
Client credential flows, OTP reset, and password success UX.
9
OnboardingScreen1
GoFitMobile/src/screens/onboarding/OnboardingScreen1.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/onboarding/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/services/u...
user_profiles; zod (inside service); React Navigation
Collects anthropometrics, goals, and personal details after signup.
10
OnboardingScreen2
GoFitMobile/src/screens/onboarding/OnboardingScreen2.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/onboarding/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/services/u...
user_profiles; zod (inside service); React Navigation
Collects anthropometrics, goals, and personal details after signup.
11
OnboardingScreen3
GoFitMobile/src/screens/onboarding/OnboardingScreen3.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/onboarding/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/services/u...
user_profiles; zod (inside service); React Navigation
Collects anthropometrics, goals, and personal details after signup.
12
OnboardingScreen4
GoFitMobile/src/screens/onboarding/OnboardingScreen4.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/onboarding/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/services/u...
user_profiles; zod (inside service); React Navigation
Collects anthropometrics, goals, and personal details after signup.
13
OnboardingScreenPersonalDetails
GoFitMobile/src/screens/onboarding/OnboardingScreenPersonalDetails.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/onboarding/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/...
user_profiles; zod (inside service); React Navigation
Collects anthropometrics, goals, and personal details after signup.
14
Home dashboard
GoFitMobile/src/screens/home/HomeScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/home/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/ScreenHeader.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/sha...
workout_sessions, workouts, user_profiles; date-fns; lucide-react-native; expo-blur; expo-image
Central hub for workouts, marketplace shortcuts, weather, streaks, and articles.
15
ExerciseDetailScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/library/ExerciseDetailScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/workout/*; workouts.ts; exercises.ts; wo...
workouts, workout_exercises, exercises, workout_sessions, native_workouts (per deployment); expo-av (exercise media); i18next
Browse templates, customize sessions, and preview exercise metadata.
16
ExerciseSelectionScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/library/ExerciseSelectionScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/workout/*; workouts.ts; exercises.ts;...
workouts, workout_exercises, exercises, workout_sessions, native_workouts (per deployment); expo-av (exercise media); i18next
Browse templates, customize sessions, and preview exercise metadata.
17
LibraryScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/library/LibraryScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/workout/*; workouts.ts; exercises.ts; workoutSe...
workouts, workout_exercises, exercises, workout_sessions, native_workouts (per deployment); expo-av (exercise media); i18next
Browse templates, customize sessions, and preview exercise metadata.
18
WorkoutBuilderScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/library/WorkoutBuilderScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/workout/*; workouts.ts; exercises.ts; wo...
workouts, workout_exercises, exercises, workout_sessions, native_workouts (per deployment); expo-av (exercise media); i18next
Browse templates, customize sessions, and preview exercise metadata.
19
WorkoutDetailScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/library/WorkoutDetailScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/workout/*; workouts.ts; exercises.ts; wor...
workouts, workout_exercises, exercises, workout_sessions, native_workouts (per deployment); expo-av (exercise media); i18next
Browse templates, customize sessions, and preview exercise metadata.
20
WorkoutSessionScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/library/WorkoutSessionScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/workout/*; workouts.ts; exercises.ts; wo...
workouts, workout_exercises, exercises, workout_sessions, native_workouts (per deployment); expo-av (exercise media); i18next
Browse templates, customize sessions, and preview exercise metadata.
21
WorkoutSummaryScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/library/WorkoutSummaryScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/workout/*; workouts.ts; exercises.ts; wo...
workouts, workout_exercises, exercises, workout_sessions, native_workouts (per deployment); expo-av (exercise media); i18next
Browse templates, customize sessions, and preview exercise metadata.
22
BodyMeasurementsScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/progress/BodyMeasurementsScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; workoutStats.ts; bodyMeasurements.ts; profileStore
workout_sessions; body_measurements; Edge body-measurements for pose-derived measurements (optional path); Supabase JS; in-screen charts
Historical stats, PR detail, consistency heatmaps, manual measurements.
23
ConsistencyScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/progress/ConsistencyScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; workoutStats.ts; bodyMeasurements.ts; profileStore
workout_sessions; body_measurements; Edge body-measurements for pose-derived measurements (optional path); Supabase JS; in-screen charts
Historical stats, PR detail, consistency heatmaps, manual measurements.
24
RecordDetailsScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/progress/RecordDetailsScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; workoutStats.ts; bodyMeasurements.ts; profileStore
workout_sessions; body_measurements; Edge body-measurements for pose-derived measurements (optional path); Supabase JS; in-screen charts
Historical stats, PR detail, consistency heatmaps, manual measurements.
25
WorkoutStatisticsScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/progress/WorkoutStatisticsScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; workoutStats.ts; bodyMeasurements.ts; profileStore
workout_sessions; body_measurements; Edge body-measurements for pose-derived measurements (optional path); Supabase JS; in-screen charts
Historical stats, PR detail, consistency heatmaps, manual measurements.
26
CalendarView
GoFitMobile/src/screens/plan/CalendarView.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/plan/*; workoutPlans.ts; workouts.ts; workoutPlansStore; calendarStore; sessionsStore
workout_plans; workout_sessions; date-fns; expo-haptics in calendar UI
Plan workouts on the calendar, adjust times, open gym bag modal.
27
MyWorkouts
GoFitMobile/src/screens/plan/MyWorkouts.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/plan/*; workoutPlans.ts; workouts.ts; workoutPlansStore; calendarStore; sessionsStore
workout_plans; workout_sessions; date-fns; expo-haptics in calendar UI
Plan workouts on the calendar, adjust times, open gym bag modal.
28
Timeline
GoFitMobile/src/screens/plan/Timeline.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/plan/*; workoutPlans.ts; workouts.ts; workoutPlansStore; calendarStore; sessionsStore
workout_plans; workout_sessions; date-fns; expo-haptics in calendar UI
Plan workouts on the calendar, adjust times, open gym bag modal.
29
WorkoutsScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/plan/WorkoutsScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/plan/*; workoutPlans.ts; workouts.ts; workoutPlansStore; calendarStore; sessionsStore
workout_plans; workout_sessions; date-fns; expo-haptics in calendar UI
Plan workouts on the calendar, adjust times, open gym bag modal.
30
BookSessionScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/marketplace/BookSessionScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; marketplace.ts; bookings.ts; marketplaceStore
coach_profiles, coach_certifications, coach_reviews, user_profiles, session_packs; Supabase JS
Discover coaches, inspect profiles, initiate bookings.
31
CoachDetailScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/marketplace/CoachDetailScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; marketplace.ts; bookings.ts; marketplaceStore
coach_profiles, coach_certifications, coach_reviews, user_profiles, session_packs; Supabase JS
Discover coaches, inspect profiles, initiate bookings.
32
MarketplaceScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/marketplace/MarketplaceScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; marketplace.ts; bookings.ts; marketplaceStore
coach_profiles, coach_certifications, coach_reviews, user_profiles, session_packs; Supabase JS
Discover coaches, inspect profiles, initiate bookings.
33
ConversationsListScreen (client stacks)
GoFitMobile/src/screens/coach-app/ConversationsListScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; chat.ts; chatStore
conversations, messages, coach_profiles; Supabase Realtime; expo-image-picker
DM threads between clients and coaches.
34
ChatScreen (client stacks)
GoFitMobile/src/screens/coach-app/ChatScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; chat.ts; chatStore
conversations, messages, coach_profiles; Supabase Realtime; expo-image-picker
DM threads between clients and coaches.
35
VideoCallScreen (client stacks)
GoFitMobile/src/screens/coach-app/VideoCallScreen.tsx (registered in AppNavigator Home and Profile stacks); Shared UI primitives; videoCall.ts
bookings; Edge generate-video-token; livekit-client; Expo dev build requirement (per en.json)
Securely joins LiveKit rooms scoped to bookings.
36
NotificationsSettingsScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/profile/NotificationsSettingsScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; notifications.ts; notificationInbox.ts; profileStore
user_profiles.notification_preferences; notifications; push_tokens; Edge send-push-notification; expo-notifications
Preference center plus transactional inbox and test notification UI.
37
NotificationInboxScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/profile/NotificationInboxScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; notifications.ts; notificationInbox.ts; profileStore
user_profiles.notification_preferences; notifications; push_tokens; Edge send-push-notification; expo-notifications
Preference center plus transactional inbox and test notification UI.
38
MyPacksScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/profile/MyPacksScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; programs.ts; sessionPacks.ts; programsStore; packsStore
custom_programs, session_packs, purchased_packs; Supabase JS
Client-visible programs and purchased packs from coaches.
39
MyProgramsScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/profile/MyProgramsScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; programs.ts; sessionPacks.ts; programsStore; packsStore
custom_programs, session_packs, purchased_packs; Supabase JS
Client-visible programs and purchased packs from coaches.
40
ProgramDetailScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/profile/ProgramDetailScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; programs.ts; sessionPacks.ts; programsStore; packsStore
custom_programs, session_packs, purchased_packs; Supabase JS
Client-visible programs and purchased packs from coaches.
41
AccountInformationScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/profile/AccountInformationScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/auth/* (password flows); userProfile...
user_profiles; bucket profile-pictures; i18next; zod; expo-image-picker
Profile editing, preferences, legal, sign-out and delete.
42
EditProfileScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/profile/EditProfileScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/auth/* (password flows); userProfile.ts; au...
user_profiles; bucket profile-pictures; i18next; zod; expo-image-picker
Profile editing, preferences, legal, sign-out and delete.
43
EditWeightHeightScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/profile/EditWeightHeightScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/auth/* (password flows); userProfile.t...
user_profiles; bucket profile-pictures; i18next; zod; expo-image-picker
Profile editing, preferences, legal, sign-out and delete.
44
GoalsScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/profile/GoalsScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/auth/* (password flows); userProfile.ts; auth.ts;...
user_profiles; bucket profile-pictures; i18next; zod; expo-image-picker
Profile editing, preferences, legal, sign-out and delete.
45
LanguageSettingsScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/profile/LanguageSettingsScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/auth/* (password flows); userProfile.t...
user_profiles; bucket profile-pictures; i18next; zod; expo-image-picker
Profile editing, preferences, legal, sign-out and delete.
46
MyBookingsScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/profile/MyBookingsScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/auth/* (password flows); userProfile.ts; aut...
user_profiles; bucket profile-pictures; i18next; zod; expo-image-picker
Profile editing, preferences, legal, sign-out and delete.
47
PrivacyPolicyScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/profile/PrivacyPolicyScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/auth/* (password flows); userProfile.ts;...
user_profiles; bucket profile-pictures; i18next; zod; expo-image-picker
Profile editing, preferences, legal, sign-out and delete.
48
ProfileScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/profile/ProfileScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/auth/* (password flows); userProfile.ts; auth.t...
user_profiles; bucket profile-pictures; i18next; zod; expo-image-picker
Profile editing, preferences, legal, sign-out and delete.
49
TermsOfServiceScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/profile/TermsOfServiceScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/auth/* (password flows); userProfile.ts;...
user_profiles; bucket profile-pictures; i18next; zod; expo-image-picker
Profile editing, preferences, legal, sign-out and delete.
50
TextSizeSettingsScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/profile/TextSizeSettingsScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/auth/* (password flows); userProfile.t...
user_profiles; bucket profile-pictures; i18next; zod; expo-image-picker
Profile editing, preferences, legal, sign-out and delete.
51
ThemeSettingsScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/profile/ThemeSettingsScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/auth/* (password flows); userProfile.ts;...
user_profiles; bucket profile-pictures; i18next; zod; expo-image-picker
Profile editing, preferences, legal, sign-out and delete.
52
UnitPreferencesScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/profile/UnitPreferencesScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; GoFitMobile/src/components/auth/* (password flows); userProfile.ts...
user_profiles; bucket profile-pictures; i18next; zod; expo-image-picker
Profile editing, preferences, legal, sign-out and delete.
53
i18n bootstrap
Imported in GoFitMobile/App.tsx (./src/i18n); All screens using react-i18next / AppText; languageStore
i18next; react-i18next; en.json; fr.json
Localized copy for every major module including marketplace and coach flows.
54
Dynamic typography and haptics
TextSizeSettingsScreen.tsx; various screens import expo-haptics; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/AppText.tsx; textSizeStore
expo-haptics; persisted multiplier
Improves readability and tactile confirmations.
55
Coach profile deep links
GoFitMobile/App.tsx linking config and Linking listeners; deepLinkStore
React Navigation deep linking (gofit://)
Queues gofit://coach/:coachId until a logged-in client finishes onboarding.
56
Service: auth.ts
Referenced throughout screens and stores; GoFitMobile/src/services/auth.ts; Multiple stores
Inspect .from( usage inside file; Optional Edge calls per service; Supabase JS; zod when used
Domain-specific Supabase orchestration.
57
Service: bodyMeasurements.ts
Referenced throughout screens and stores; GoFitMobile/src/services/bodyMeasurements.ts; Multiple stores
Inspect .from( usage inside file; Optional Edge calls per service; Supabase JS; zod when used
Domain-specific Supabase orchestration.
58
Service: bookings.ts
Referenced throughout screens and stores; GoFitMobile/src/services/bookings.ts; Multiple stores
Inspect .from( usage inside file; Optional Edge calls per service; Supabase JS; zod when used
Domain-specific Supabase orchestration.
59
Service: calendar.ts
Referenced throughout screens and stores; GoFitMobile/src/services/calendar.ts; Multiple stores
Inspect .from( usage inside file; Optional Edge calls per service; Supabase JS; zod when used
Domain-specific Supabase orchestration.
60
Service: chat.ts
Referenced throughout screens and stores; GoFitMobile/src/services/chat.ts; Multiple stores
Inspect .from( usage inside file; Optional Edge calls per service; Supabase JS; zod when used
Domain-specific Supabase orchestration.
61
Service: clientManagement.ts
Referenced throughout screens and stores; GoFitMobile/src/services/clientManagement.ts; Multiple stores
Inspect .from( usage inside file; Optional Edge calls per service; Supabase JS; zod when used
Domain-specific Supabase orchestration.
62
Service: coachProfile.ts
Referenced throughout screens and stores; GoFitMobile/src/services/coachProfile.ts; Multiple stores
Inspect .from( usage inside file; Optional Edge calls per service; Supabase JS; zod when used
Domain-specific Supabase orchestration.
63
Service: exercises.ts
Referenced throughout screens and stores; GoFitMobile/src/services/exercises.ts; Multiple stores
Inspect .from( usage inside file; Optional Edge calls per service; Supabase JS; zod when used
Domain-specific Supabase orchestration.
64
Service: marketplace.ts
Referenced throughout screens and stores; GoFitMobile/src/services/marketplace.ts; Multiple stores
Inspect .from( usage inside file; Optional Edge calls per service; Supabase JS; zod when used
Domain-specific Supabase orchestration.
65
Service: notificationInbox.ts
Referenced throughout screens and stores; GoFitMobile/src/services/notificationInbox.ts; Multiple stores
Inspect .from( usage inside file; Optional Edge calls per service; Supabase JS; zod when used
Domain-specific Supabase orchestration.
66
Service: notifications.ts
Referenced throughout screens and stores; GoFitMobile/src/services/notifications.ts; Multiple stores
Inspect .from( usage inside file; Optional Edge calls per service; Supabase JS; zod when used
Domain-specific Supabase orchestration.
67
Service: programs.ts
Referenced throughout screens and stores; GoFitMobile/src/services/programs.ts; Multiple stores
Inspect .from( usage inside file; Optional Edge calls per service; Supabase JS; zod when used
Domain-specific Supabase orchestration.
68
Service: pushNotification.ts
Referenced throughout screens and stores; GoFitMobile/src/services/pushNotification.ts; Multiple stores
Inspect .from( usage inside file; Optional Edge calls per service; Supabase JS; zod when used
Domain-specific Supabase orchestration.
69
Service: sessionPacks.ts
Referenced throughout screens and stores; GoFitMobile/src/services/sessionPacks.ts; Multiple stores
Inspect .from( usage inside file; Optional Edge calls per service; Supabase JS; zod when used
Domain-specific Supabase orchestration.
70
Service: userProfile.ts
Referenced throughout screens and stores; GoFitMobile/src/services/userProfile.ts; Multiple stores
Inspect .from( usage inside file; Optional Edge calls per service; Supabase JS; zod when used
Domain-specific Supabase orchestration.
71
Service: videoCall.ts
Referenced throughout screens and stores; GoFitMobile/src/services/videoCall.ts; Multiple stores
Inspect .from( usage inside file; Optional Edge calls per service; Supabase JS; zod when used
Domain-specific Supabase orchestration.
72
Service: wallet.ts
Referenced throughout screens and stores; GoFitMobile/src/services/wallet.ts; Multiple stores
Inspect .from( usage inside file; Optional Edge calls per service; Supabase JS; zod when used
Domain-specific Supabase orchestration.
73
Service: workoutDetails.ts
Referenced throughout screens and stores; GoFitMobile/src/services/workoutDetails.ts; Multiple stores
Inspect .from( usage inside file; Optional Edge calls per service; Supabase JS; zod when used
Domain-specific Supabase orchestration.
74
Service: workoutPlans.ts
Referenced throughout screens and stores; GoFitMobile/src/services/workoutPlans.ts; Multiple stores
Inspect .from( usage inside file; Optional Edge calls per service; Supabase JS; zod when used
Domain-specific Supabase orchestration.
75
Service: workouts.ts
Referenced throughout screens and stores; GoFitMobile/src/services/workouts.ts; Multiple stores
Inspect .from( usage inside file; Optional Edge calls per service; Supabase JS; zod when used
Domain-specific Supabase orchestration.
76
Service: workoutSessions.ts
Referenced throughout screens and stores; GoFitMobile/src/services/workoutSessions.ts; Multiple stores
Inspect .from( usage inside file; Optional Edge calls per service; Supabase JS; zod when used
Domain-specific Supabase orchestration.
77
Service: workoutStats.ts
Referenced throughout screens and stores; GoFitMobile/src/services/workoutStats.ts; Multiple stores
Inspect .from( usage inside file; Optional Edge calls per service; Supabase JS; zod when used
Domain-specific Supabase orchestration.
78
Store: authStore.ts
GoFitMobile/src/store/authStore.ts
zustand (persist middleware for applicable stores)
Composable client state.
79
Store: bookingsStore.ts
GoFitMobile/src/store/bookingsStore.ts
zustand (persist middleware for applicable stores)
Composable client state.
80
Store: calendarStore.ts
GoFitMobile/src/store/calendarStore.ts
zustand (persist middleware for applicable stores)
Composable client state.
81
Store: chatStore.ts
GoFitMobile/src/store/chatStore.ts
zustand (persist middleware for applicable stores)
Composable client state.
82
Store: clientManagementStore.ts
GoFitMobile/src/store/clientManagementStore.ts
zustand (persist middleware for applicable stores)
Composable client state.
83
Store: coachStore.ts
GoFitMobile/src/store/coachStore.ts
zustand (persist middleware for applicable stores)
Composable client state.
84
Store: deepLinkStore.ts
GoFitMobile/src/store/deepLinkStore.ts
zustand (persist middleware for applicable stores)
Composable client state.
85
Store: languageStore.ts
GoFitMobile/src/store/languageStore.ts
zustand (persist middleware for applicable stores)
Composable client state.
86
Store: marketplaceStore.ts
GoFitMobile/src/store/marketplaceStore.ts
zustand (persist middleware for applicable stores)
Composable client state.
87
Store: onboardingStore.ts
GoFitMobile/src/store/onboardingStore.ts
zustand (persist middleware for applicable stores)
Composable client state.
88
Store: packsStore.ts
GoFitMobile/src/store/packsStore.ts
zustand (persist middleware for applicable stores)
Composable client state.
89
Store: profileStore.ts
GoFitMobile/src/store/profileStore.ts
zustand (persist middleware for applicable stores)
Composable client state.
90
Store: programsStore.ts
GoFitMobile/src/store/programsStore.ts
zustand (persist middleware for applicable stores)
Composable client state.
91
Store: sessionsStore.ts
GoFitMobile/src/store/sessionsStore.ts
zustand (persist middleware for applicable stores)
Composable client state.
92
Store: textSizeStore.ts
GoFitMobile/src/store/textSizeStore.ts
zustand (persist middleware for applicable stores)
Composable client state.
93
Store: themeStore.ts
GoFitMobile/src/store/themeStore.ts
zustand (persist middleware for applicable stores)
Composable client state.
94
Store: timerStore.ts
GoFitMobile/src/store/timerStore.ts
zustand (persist middleware for applicable stores)
Composable client state.
95
Store: uiStore.ts
GoFitMobile/src/store/uiStore.ts
zustand (persist middleware for applicable stores)
Composable client state.
96
Store: workoutPlansStore.ts
GoFitMobile/src/store/workoutPlansStore.ts
zustand (persist middleware for applicable stores)
Composable client state.
97
Store: workoutsStore.ts
GoFitMobile/src/store/workoutsStore.ts
zustand (persist middleware for applicable stores)
Composable client state.
98
Hook: useRestTimer.ts
GoFitMobile/src/hooks/useRestTimer.ts; timerStore (when used for rest timing)
React hooks API
Encapsulates timer and scroll behaviors for workouts and tab bars.
99
Hook: useTabScroll.ts
GoFitMobile/src/hooks/useTabScroll.ts; timerStore (when used for rest timing)
React hooks API
Encapsulates timer and scroll behaviors for workouts and tab bars.
100
Util: animations.ts
N/A
Various (expo-av, and so on)
Low-level helpers shared across modules.
101
Util: audioManager.ts
N/A
Various (expo-av, and so on)
Low-level helpers shared across modules.
102
Util: colorUtils.ts
N/A
Various (expo-av, and so on)
Low-level helpers shared across modules.
103
Util: constants.ts
N/A
Various (expo-av, and so on)
Low-level helpers shared across modules.
104
Util: exerciseTranslations.ts
N/A
Various (expo-av, and so on)
Low-level helpers shared across modules.
105
Util: formPersistence.ts
N/A
Various (expo-av, and so on)
Low-level helpers shared across modules.
106
Util: isWorkoutStartable.ts
N/A
Various (expo-av, and so on)
Low-level helpers shared across modules.
107
Util: logger.ts
N/A
Various (expo-av, and so on)
Low-level helpers shared across modules.
108
Util: passwordStrength.ts
N/A
Various (expo-av, and so on)
Low-level helpers shared across modules.
109
Util: rateLimiter.ts
N/A
Various (expo-av, and so on)
Low-level helpers shared across modules.
110
Util: responsive.ts
N/A
Various (expo-av, and so on)
Low-level helpers shared across modules.
111
Util: sanitize.ts
N/A
Various (expo-av, and so on)
Low-level helpers shared across modules.
112
Util: secureStorage.ts
N/A
Various (expo-av, and so on)
Low-level helpers shared across modules.
113
Supabase API client (apiClient)
N/A
Generic PostgREST tables; @supabase/supabase-js
Timeout, retry, and error normalization for database calls.
114
AuthNavigator
GoFitMobile/src/navigation/AuthNavigator.tsx; Imports all client stack screens
@react-navigation/stack; bottom-tabs
Defines auth, onboarding, and tabbed client navigation graphs.
115
OnboardingNavigator
GoFitMobile/src/navigation/OnboardingNavigator.tsx; Imports all client stack screens
@react-navigation/stack; bottom-tabs
Defines auth, onboarding, and tabbed client navigation graphs.
116
AppNavigator
GoFitMobile/src/navigation/AppNavigator.tsx; Imports all client stack screens
@react-navigation/stack; bottom-tabs
Defines auth, onboarding, and tabbed client navigation graphs.
117
types
GoFitMobile/src/navigation/types.ts; Imports all client stack screens
@react-navigation/stack; bottom-tabs
Defines auth, onboarding, and tabbed client navigation graphs.
Table A.4: Mobile client feature inventory
No.
Feature
Implementation evidence
Libraries / backend
Purpose
1
CoachLoginScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/coach-auth/CoachLoginScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/auth/*; auth.ts; authStore
Supabase Auth (user_type metadata); Supabase JS
Coach-specific credential entry.
2
CoachSignupScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/coach-auth/CoachSignupScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/auth/*; auth.ts; authStore
Supabase Auth (user_type metadata); Supabase JS
Coach-specific credential entry.
3
CoachWelcomeScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/coach-auth/CoachWelcomeScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/auth/*; auth.ts; authStore
Supabase Auth (user_type metadata); Supabase JS
Coach-specific credential entry.
4
Coach stack: ForgotPasswordScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/auth/ForgotPasswordScreen.tsx; Shared auth components; auth.ts; authStore
Supabase Auth; Supabase JS
Password reset UX reused from client implementation.
5
Coach stack: VerifyOtpScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/auth/VerifyOtpScreen.tsx; Shared auth components; auth.ts; authStore
Supabase Auth; Supabase JS
Password reset UX reused from client implementation.
6
Coach stack: ResetPasswordScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/auth/ResetPasswordScreen.tsx; Shared auth components; auth.ts; authStore
Supabase Auth; Supabase JS
Password reset UX reused from client implementation.
7
Coach stack: PasswordChangedSuccessScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/auth/PasswordChangedSuccessScreen.tsx; Shared auth components; auth.ts; authStore
Supabase Auth; Supabase JS
Password reset UX reused from client implementation.
8
CoachCVUploadScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/coach-onboarding/CoachCVUploadScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; coachProfile.ts; coachStore
coach_profiles, coach_certifications, bucket coach-documents; expo-document-picker; Supabase Storage
Guided verification workflow for new coaches.
9
CoachCertificationsScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/coach-onboarding/CoachCertificationsScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; coachProfile.ts; coachStore
coach_profiles, coach_certifications, bucket coach-documents; expo-document-picker; Supabase Storage
Guided verification workflow for new coaches.
10
CoachOnboardingScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/coach-onboarding/CoachOnboardingScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; coachProfile.ts; coachStore
coach_profiles, coach_certifications, bucket coach-documents; expo-document-picker; Supabase Storage
Guided verification workflow for new coaches.
11
CoachPendingScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/coach-onboarding/CoachPendingScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; coachProfile.ts; coachStore
coach_profiles, coach_certifications, bucket coach-documents; expo-document-picker; Supabase Storage
Guided verification workflow for new coaches.
12
CoachProfilePreviewScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/coach-onboarding/CoachProfilePreviewScreen.tsx; GoFitMobile/src/components/shared/*; coachProfile.ts; coachStore
coach_profiles, coach_certifications, bucket coach-documents; expo-document-picker; Supabase Storage
Guided verification workflow for new coaches.
13
CoachDashboardScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/coach-app/CoachDashboardScreen.tsx; Shared UI; bookings.ts (plus RPC when deployed); coachStore
bookings; get_coach_dashboard_stats; Supabase JS
Operational snapshot for coaches.
14
Dashboard notification inbox
GoFitMobile/src/screens/profile/NotificationInboxScreen.tsx (stacked from coach dashboard); Shared UI; notificationInbox.ts; profileStore
notifications; Supabase JS
Same inbox component as clients, mounted under coach dashboard stack.
15
ClientsListScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/coach-app/ClientsListScreen.tsx; Shared UI; clientManagement.ts; workoutStats.ts; clientManagementStore
coach_client_notes, bookings, custom_programs, workout_sessions; Supabase JS
CRM-style tools for roster, notes, and progress.
16
ClientDetailScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/coach-app/ClientDetailScreen.tsx; Shared UI; clientManagement.ts; workoutStats.ts; clientManagementStore
coach_client_notes, bookings, custom_programs, workout_sessions; Supabase JS
CRM-style tools for roster, notes, and progress.
17
ClientNotesScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/coach-app/ClientNotesScreen.tsx; Shared UI; clientManagement.ts; workoutStats.ts; clientManagementStore
coach_client_notes, bookings, custom_programs, workout_sessions; Supabase JS
CRM-style tools for roster, notes, and progress.
18
ClientProgressScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/coach-app/ClientProgressScreen.tsx; Shared UI; clientManagement.ts; workoutStats.ts; clientManagementStore
coach_client_notes, bookings, custom_programs, workout_sessions; Supabase JS
CRM-style tools for roster, notes, and progress.
19
CoachClientsScreen (dormant)
GoFitMobile/src/screens/coach-app/CoachClientsScreen.tsx
N/A
Exported screen with no navigator import in the scanned tree; likely superseded by ClientsListScreen.
20
ProgramBuilderScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/coach-app/ProgramBuilderScreen.tsx; Shared UI; programs.ts; exercises.ts; programsStore
custom_programs; Supabase JS
Authoring tools for multi-day programs.
21
ProgramsListScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/coach-app/ProgramsListScreen.tsx; Shared UI; programs.ts; exercises.ts; programsStore
custom_programs; Supabase JS
Authoring tools for multi-day programs.
22
ProgramDetailScreen (shared)
GoFitMobile/src/screens/profile/ProgramDetailScreen.tsx; Shared UI; programs.ts; programsStore
custom_programs; Supabase JS
Detailed program viewer reused in coach client stack and client profile stack.
23
SessionPacksScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/coach-app/SessionPacksScreen.tsx; Shared UI; sessionPacks.ts; packsStore
session_packs; Supabase JS
Configure sellable bundles of sessions.
24
CreatePackScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/coach-app/CreatePackScreen.tsx; Shared UI; sessionPacks.ts; packsStore
session_packs; Supabase JS
Configure sellable bundles of sessions.
25
CoachCalendarScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/coach-app/CoachCalendarScreen.tsx; Shared UI; bookings.ts
coach_availability, bookings; Supabase JS
Manage coach-wide calendar plus slot templates.
26
CoachAvailabilityScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/coach-app/CoachAvailabilityScreen.tsx; Shared UI; bookings.ts
coach_availability, bookings; Supabase JS
Manage coach-wide calendar plus slot templates.
27
Coach chat tab
GoFitMobile/src/navigation/CoachAppNavigator.tsx (Chat stack); Reuses messaging screens; chat.ts; chatStore
conversations, messages; Supabase Realtime
Dedicated tab mirroring client chat implementation.
28
CoachChatScreen (dormant)
GoFitMobile/src/screens/coach-app/CoachChatScreen.tsx
N/A
Alternate chat screen not wired into navigators.
29
VideoCallScreen (coach calendar stack)
GoFitMobile/src/screens/coach-app/VideoCallScreen.tsx; Shared UI; videoCall.ts
bookings; Edge generate-video-token; livekit-client
Coach joins the same LiveKit rooms as clients from calendar stack.
30
CoachProfileScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/coach-app/CoachProfileScreen.tsx; Shared UI; wallet.ts; coachProfile.ts; auth.ts; coachStore; authStore
wallets, transactions, coach_profiles; Supabase JS
Coach profile hub, payouts, and operational settings.
31
CoachWalletScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/coach-app/CoachWalletScreen.tsx; Shared UI; wallet.ts; coachProfile.ts; auth.ts; coachStore; authStore
wallets, transactions, coach_profiles; Supabase JS
Coach profile hub, payouts, and operational settings.
32
CoachSettingsScreen
GoFitMobile/src/screens/coach-app/CoachSettingsScreen.tsx; Shared UI; wallet.ts; coachProfile.ts; auth.ts; coachStore; authStore
wallets, transactions, coach_profiles; Supabase JS
Coach profile hub, payouts, and operational settings.
33
CoachAuthNavigator
GoFitMobile/src/navigation/CoachAuthNavigator.tsx; Imports coach stacks
React Navigation
Parallel navigation graphs for the coach persona.
34
CoachOnboardingNavigator
GoFitMobile/src/navigation/CoachOnboardingNavigator.tsx; Imports coach stacks
React Navigation
Parallel navigation graphs for the coach persona.
35
CoachAppNavigator
GoFitMobile/src/navigation/CoachAppNavigator.tsx; Imports coach stacks
React Navigation
Parallel navigation graphs for the coach persona.
Table A.5: Mobile coach feature inventory
No.
Feature
Implementation evidence
Libraries / backend
Purpose
1
Middleware SSR session and admin enforcement
admin-panel/middleware.ts
user_profiles.is_admin; @supabase/ssr
Protects dashboard modules; redirects anonymous or non-admin users.
2
Admin page: activity-logs
admin-panel/app/activity-logs/page.tsx; activity-logs/ActivityLogsTable.tsx; admin-panel/lib/supabase/server.ts or client.ts (per page implementation)
admin_audit_logs; Next.js App Router; React Server or Client Components; Tailwind or shadcn UI primitives
Immutable audit history viewer.
3
Admin page: coaches
admin-panel/app/coaches/page.tsx; coaches/*; admin-panel/lib/supabase/server.ts or client.ts (per page implementation)
coach_profiles, user_profiles; Next.js App Router; React Server or Client Components; Tailwind or shadcn UI primitives
Coach directory and moderation actions.
4
Admin page: dashboard
admin-panel/app/dashboard/page.tsx; admin-panel/components/analytics/*, skeletons; admin-panel/lib/supabase/server.ts or client.ts (per page implementation)
Varies by page (see Supabase queries in page and lib/*); Next.js App Router; React Server or Client Components; Tailwind or shadcn UI primitives
Analytics landing: KPI cards, charts, heatmaps, and recent activity.
5
Admin page: exercises/[id]
admin-panel/app/exercises/[id]/page.tsx; exercises/*; admin-panel/lib/supabase/server.ts or client.ts (per page implementation)
exercises; Next.js App Router; React Server or Client Components; Tailwind or shadcn UI primitives
Exercise CRUD, bulk import or export, and media fields.
6
Admin page: exercises/new
admin-panel/app/exercises/new/page.tsx; exercises/*; admin-panel/lib/supabase/server.ts or client.ts (per page implementation)
exercises; Next.js App Router; React Server or Client Components; Tailwind or shadcn UI primitives
Exercise CRUD, bulk import or export, and media fields.
7
Admin page: exercises
admin-panel/app/exercises/page.tsx; exercises/*; admin-panel/lib/supabase/server.ts or client.ts (per page implementation)
exercises; Next.js App Router; React Server or Client Components; Tailwind or shadcn UI primitives
Exercise CRUD, bulk import or export, and media fields.
8
Admin page: login
admin-panel/app/login/page.tsx; admin-panel/components/ui/* inputs; branding from layout; admin-panel/lib/supabase/server.ts or client.ts (per page implementation)
user_profiles (post-auth admin check via middleware); Next.js App Router; React Server or Client Components; Tailwind or shadcn UI primitives
Email and password sign-in for administrators.
9
Admin page: page.tsx
admin-panel/app/page.tsx; admin-panel/components/** (module-specific imports inside the page); admin-panel/lib/supabase/server.ts or client.ts (per page implement...
Next.js App Router; React Server or Client Components; Tailwind or shadcn UI primitives
Root route that immediately redirects to /login or /dashboard.
10
Admin page: settings
admin-panel/app/settings/page.tsx; settings form components; admin-panel/lib/supabase/server.ts or client.ts (per page implementation)
admin_settings; Next.js App Router; React Server or Client Components; Tailwind or shadcn UI primitives
Mutable global admin configuration.
11
Admin page: transactions
admin-panel/app/transactions/page.tsx; transactions layout chrome; admin-panel/lib/supabase/server.ts or client.ts (per page implementation)
transactions, wallets; Next.js App Router; React Server or Client Components; Tailwind or shadcn UI primitives
Financial ledger review.
12
Admin page: users/[id]
admin-panel/app/users/[id]/page.tsx; users/* table components, filters, export; admin-panel/lib/supabase/server.ts or client.ts (per page implementation)
user_profiles; Next.js App Router; React Server or Client Components; Tailwind or shadcn UI primitives
List or detail view for end users with admin actions.
13
Admin page: users
admin-panel/app/users/page.tsx; users/* table components, filters, export; admin-panel/lib/supabase/server.ts or client.ts (per page implementation)
user_profiles; Next.js App Router; React Server or Client Components; Tailwind or shadcn UI primitives
List or detail view for end users with admin actions.
14
Admin page: workouts/[id]
admin-panel/app/workouts/[id]/page.tsx; workouts/*; admin-panel/lib/supabase/server.ts or client.ts (per page implementation)
workouts, workout_exercises, exercises; Next.js App Router; React Server or Client Components; Tailwind or shadcn UI primitives
Workout templates, duplication, and previews.
15
Admin page: workouts/new
admin-panel/app/workouts/new/page.tsx; workouts/*; admin-panel/lib/supabase/server.ts or client.ts (per page implementation)
workouts, workout_exercises, exercises; Next.js App Router; React Server or Client Components; Tailwind or shadcn UI primitives
Workout templates, duplication, and previews.
16
Admin page: workouts
admin-panel/app/workouts/page.tsx; workouts/*; admin-panel/lib/supabase/server.ts or client.ts (per page implementation)
workouts, workout_exercises, exercises; Next.js App Router; React Server or Client Components; Tailwind or shadcn UI primitives
Workout templates, duplication, and previews.
17
Theme toggle
admin-panel/components/layout/ThemeToggle.tsx; components/theme-provider.tsx; Layout
next-themes (per project dependency)
Persists admin color scheme.
18
Upload API
admin-panel/app/api/upload/route.ts; Forms with file inputs; admin-panel/lib/r2.ts
Cloudflare R2 objects; /api/upload; AWS or R2 SDK per implementation
Secure media uploads for admin-managed assets.
19
HTTP handler: app/api/audit-logs/route.ts
admin-panel/app/api/audit-logs/route.ts; Various action components; admin-panel/lib/supabase/admin.ts; validation helpers
Depends on handler; Self-referential fetch to /api/...; Next.js Route Handlers
Implements REST verbs for CRUD, bulk operations, notifications, audits, and health checks.
20
HTTP handler: app/api/coaches/[id]/certifications/route.ts
admin-panel/app/api/coaches/[id]/certifications/route.ts; Various action components; admin-panel/lib/supabase/admin.ts; validation helpers
Depends on handler; Self-referential fetch to /api/...; Next.js Route Handlers
Implements REST verbs for CRUD, bulk operations, notifications, audits, and health checks.
21
HTTP handler: app/api/coaches/route.ts
admin-panel/app/api/coaches/route.ts; Various action components; admin-panel/lib/supabase/admin.ts; validation helpers
Depends on handler; Self-referential fetch to /api/...; Next.js Route Handlers
Implements REST verbs for CRUD, bulk operations, notifications, audits, and health checks.
22
HTTP handler: app/api/exercises/[id]/route.ts
admin-panel/app/api/exercises/[id]/route.ts; Various action components; admin-panel/lib/supabase/admin.ts; validation helpers
Depends on handler; Self-referential fetch to /api/...; Next.js Route Handlers
Implements REST verbs for CRUD, bulk operations, notifications, audits, and health checks.
23
HTTP handler: app/api/exercises/bulk/route.ts
admin-panel/app/api/exercises/bulk/route.ts; Various action components; admin-panel/lib/supabase/admin.ts; validation helpers
Depends on handler; Self-referential fetch to /api/...; Next.js Route Handlers
Implements REST verbs for CRUD, bulk operations, notifications, audits, and health checks.
24
HTTP handler: app/api/exercises/route.ts
admin-panel/app/api/exercises/route.ts; Various action components; admin-panel/lib/supabase/admin.ts; validation helpers
Depends on handler; Self-referential fetch to /api/...; Next.js Route Handlers
Implements REST verbs for CRUD, bulk operations, notifications, audits, and health checks.
25
HTTP handler: app/api/health/route.ts
admin-panel/app/api/health/route.ts; Various action components; admin-panel/lib/supabase/admin.ts; validation helpers
Depends on handler; Self-referential fetch to /api/...; Next.js Route Handlers
Implements REST verbs for CRUD, bulk operations, notifications, audits, and health checks.
26
HTTP handler: app/api/notifications/[id]/route.ts
admin-panel/app/api/notifications/[id]/route.ts; Various action components; admin-panel/lib/supabase/admin.ts; validation helpers
Depends on handler; Self-referential fetch to /api/...; Next.js Route Handlers
Implements REST verbs for CRUD, bulk operations, notifications, audits, and health checks.
27
HTTP handler: app/api/notifications/read-all/route.ts
admin-panel/app/api/notifications/read-all/route.ts; Various action components; admin-panel/lib/supabase/admin.ts; validation helpers
Depends on handler; Self-referential fetch to /api/...; Next.js Route Handlers
Implements REST verbs for CRUD, bulk operations, notifications, audits, and health checks.
28
HTTP handler: app/api/notifications/route.ts
admin-panel/app/api/notifications/route.ts; Various action components; admin-panel/lib/supabase/admin.ts; validation helpers
Depends on handler; Self-referential fetch to /api/...; Next.js Route Handlers
Implements REST verbs for CRUD, bulk operations, notifications, audits, and health checks.
29
HTTP handler: app/api/settings/route.ts
admin-panel/app/api/settings/route.ts; Various action components; admin-panel/lib/supabase/admin.ts; validation helpers
Depends on handler; Self-referential fetch to /api/...; Next.js Route Handlers
Implements REST verbs for CRUD, bulk operations, notifications, audits, and health checks.
30
HTTP handler: app/api/transactions/route.ts
admin-panel/app/api/transactions/route.ts; Various action components; admin-panel/lib/supabase/admin.ts; validation helpers
Depends on handler; Self-referential fetch to /api/...; Next.js Route Handlers
Implements REST verbs for CRUD, bulk operations, notifications, audits, and health checks.
31
HTTP handler: app/api/upload/route.ts
admin-panel/app/api/upload/route.ts; Various action components; admin-panel/lib/supabase/admin.ts; validation helpers
Depends on handler; Self-referential fetch to /api/...; Next.js Route Handlers
Implements REST verbs for CRUD, bulk operations, notifications, audits, and health checks.
32
HTTP handler: app/api/users/[id]/route.ts
admin-panel/app/api/users/[id]/route.ts; Various action components; admin-panel/lib/supabase/admin.ts; validation helpers
Depends on handler; Self-referential fetch to /api/...; Next.js Route Handlers
Implements REST verbs for CRUD, bulk operations, notifications, audits, and health checks.
33
HTTP handler: app/api/users/[id]/toggle-admin/route.ts
admin-panel/app/api/users/[id]/toggle-admin/route.ts; Various action components; admin-panel/lib/supabase/admin.ts; validation helpers
Depends on handler; Self-referential fetch to /api/...; Next.js Route Handlers
Implements REST verbs for CRUD, bulk operations, notifications, audits, and health checks.
34
HTTP handler: app/api/workouts/[id]/duplicate/route.ts
admin-panel/app/api/workouts/[id]/duplicate/route.ts; Various action components; admin-panel/lib/supabase/admin.ts; validation helpers
Depends on handler; Self-referential fetch to /api/...; Next.js Route Handlers
Implements REST verbs for CRUD, bulk operations, notifications, audits, and health checks.
35
HTTP handler: app/api/workouts/[id]/route.ts
admin-panel/app/api/workouts/[id]/route.ts; Various action components; admin-panel/lib/supabase/admin.ts; validation helpers
Depends on handler; Self-referential fetch to /api/...; Next.js Route Handlers
Implements REST verbs for CRUD, bulk operations, notifications, audits, and health checks.
36
HTTP handler: app/api/workouts/bulk/route.ts
admin-panel/app/api/workouts/bulk/route.ts; Various action components; admin-panel/lib/supabase/admin.ts; validation helpers
Depends on handler; Self-referential fetch to /api/...; Next.js Route Handlers
Implements REST verbs for CRUD, bulk operations, notifications, audits, and health checks.
37
HTTP handler: app/api/workouts/route.ts
admin-panel/app/api/workouts/route.ts; Various action components; admin-panel/lib/supabase/admin.ts; validation helpers
Depends on handler; Self-referential fetch to /api/...; Next.js Route Handlers
Implements REST verbs for CRUD, bulk operations, notifications, audits, and health checks.
38
Layout: app/activity-logs/layout.tsx
admin-panel/app/activity-logs/layout.tsx; Sidebar, Navbar, Toaster children
Next.js layouts
Wraps segment-specific UI with shared navigation chrome.
39
Layout: app/coaches/layout.tsx
admin-panel/app/coaches/layout.tsx; Sidebar, Navbar, Toaster children
Next.js layouts
Wraps segment-specific UI with shared navigation chrome.
40
Layout: app/dashboard/layout.tsx
admin-panel/app/dashboard/layout.tsx; Sidebar, Navbar, Toaster children
Next.js layouts
Wraps segment-specific UI with shared navigation chrome.
41
Layout: app/exercises/layout.tsx
admin-panel/app/exercises/layout.tsx; Sidebar, Navbar, Toaster children
Next.js layouts
Wraps segment-specific UI with shared navigation chrome.
42
Layout: app/layout.tsx
admin-panel/app/layout.tsx; Sidebar, Navbar, Toaster children
Next.js layouts
Wraps segment-specific UI with shared navigation chrome.
43
Layout: app/settings/layout.tsx
admin-panel/app/settings/layout.tsx; Sidebar, Navbar, Toaster children
Next.js layouts
Wraps segment-specific UI with shared navigation chrome.
44
Layout: app/transactions/layout.tsx
admin-panel/app/transactions/layout.tsx; Sidebar, Navbar, Toaster children
Next.js layouts
Wraps segment-specific UI with shared navigation chrome.
45
Layout: app/users/layout.tsx
admin-panel/app/users/layout.tsx; Sidebar, Navbar, Toaster children
Next.js layouts
Wraps segment-specific UI with shared navigation chrome.
46
Layout: app/workouts/layout.tsx
admin-panel/app/workouts/layout.tsx; Sidebar, Navbar, Toaster children
Next.js layouts
Wraps segment-specific UI with shared navigation chrome.
47
Loading UI: app/dashboard/loading.tsx
admin-panel/app/dashboard/loading.tsx; Skeleton components
React suspense skeletons
Shows placeholder shimmer while RSC or streaming resolves.
48
Loading UI: app/exercises/[id]/loading.tsx
admin-panel/app/exercises/[id]/loading.tsx; Skeleton components
React suspense skeletons
Shows placeholder shimmer while RSC or streaming resolves.
49
Loading UI: app/exercises/loading.tsx
admin-panel/app/exercises/loading.tsx; Skeleton components
React suspense skeletons
Shows placeholder shimmer while RSC or streaming resolves.
50
Loading UI: app/exercises/new/loading.tsx
admin-panel/app/exercises/new/loading.tsx; Skeleton components
React suspense skeletons
Shows placeholder shimmer while RSC or streaming resolves.
51
Loading UI: app/users/[id]/loading.tsx
admin-panel/app/users/[id]/loading.tsx; Skeleton components
React suspense skeletons
Shows placeholder shimmer while RSC or streaming resolves.
52
Loading UI: app/users/loading.tsx
admin-panel/app/users/loading.tsx; Skeleton components
React suspense skeletons
Shows placeholder shimmer while RSC or streaming resolves.
53
Loading UI: app/workouts/[id]/loading.tsx
admin-panel/app/workouts/[id]/loading.tsx; Skeleton components
React suspense skeletons
Shows placeholder shimmer while RSC or streaming resolves.
54
Loading UI: app/workouts/loading.tsx
admin-panel/app/workouts/loading.tsx; Skeleton components
React suspense skeletons
Shows placeholder shimmer while RSC or streaming resolves.
55
Loading UI: app/workouts/new/loading.tsx
admin-panel/app/workouts/new/loading.tsx; Skeleton components
React suspense skeletons
Shows placeholder shimmer while RSC or streaming resolves.
Table A.6: Admin panel feature inventory
No.
Feature
Implementation evidence
Libraries / backend
Purpose
1
Edge function: _shared/cors.ts
supabase/functions/_shared/cors.ts
Varies per function; HTTPS callable; Deno and Supabase Edge runtime
Implements privileged operations (push relay, LiveKit JWT, pose estimation proxy).
2
Edge function: send-push-notification/index.ts
supabase/functions/send-push-notification/index.ts
Varies per function; HTTPS callable; Deno and Supabase Edge runtime
Implements privileged operations (push relay, LiveKit JWT, pose estimation proxy).
3
Edge function: generate-video-token/index.ts
supabase/functions/generate-video-token/index.ts
Varies per function; HTTPS callable; Deno and Supabase Edge runtime
Implements privileged operations (push relay, LiveKit JWT, pose estimation proxy).
4
Edge function: body-measurements/index.ts
supabase/functions/body-measurements/index.ts
Varies per function; HTTPS callable; Deno and Supabase Edge runtime
Implements privileged operations (push relay, LiveKit JWT, pose estimation proxy).
5
Schema bundle: create_coach_marketplace_tables.sql
database/schema/create_coach_marketplace_tables.sql
See file for CREATE TABLE statements; PostgreSQL DDL
Canonical schema snapshots for workouts, profiles, and marketplace.
6
Schema bundle: create_user_profiles_table.sql
database/schema/create_user_profiles_table.sql
See file for CREATE TABLE statements; PostgreSQL DDL
Canonical schema snapshots for workouts, profiles, and marketplace.
7
Schema bundle: create_workouts_tables.sql
database/schema/create_workouts_tables.sql
See file for CREATE TABLE statements; PostgreSQL DDL
Canonical schema snapshots for workouts, profiles, and marketplace.
8
Schema bundle: create_workouts_tables_normalized.sql
database/schema/create_workouts_tables_normalized.sql
See file for CREATE TABLE statements; PostgreSQL DDL
Canonical schema snapshots for workouts, profiles, and marketplace.
9
RLS coverage (representative migrations)
See database/migrations/unify_workouts_design.sql, add_workout_exercises_junction_tables.sql, add_native_workouts_table.sql, create_body_measurements.sql, create_...
All tables touched inside those files; PostgreSQL policies
Enforces per-role access for workouts, admin objects, notifications, measurements, and profile visibility.
10
Migration: add_activity_level_age_gender_columns.sql
database/migrations/add_activity_level_age_gender_columns.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
11
Migration: add_admin_role.sql
database/migrations/add_admin_role.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
12
Migration: add_conversations_enriched_view.sql
database/migrations/add_conversations_enriched_view.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
13
Migration: add_display_name_and_public_read.sql
database/migrations/add_display_name_and_public_read.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
14
Migration: add_exercise_images.sql
database/migrations/add_exercise_images.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
15
Migration: add_get_client_progress.sql
database/migrations/add_get_client_progress.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
16
Migration: add_native_workouts_table.sql
database/migrations/add_native_workouts_table.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
17
Migration: add_native_workouts_with_day_splits.sql
database/migrations/add_native_workouts_with_day_splits.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
18
Migration: add_notification_preferences_column.sql
database/migrations/add_notification_preferences_column.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
19
Migration: add_notifications_insert_policy.sql
database/migrations/add_notifications_insert_policy.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
20
Migration: add_profile_picture_column.sql
database/migrations/add_profile_picture_column.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
21
Migration: add_rest_timer_preferences.sql
database/migrations/add_rest_timer_preferences.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
22
Migration: add_user_type_column.sql
database/migrations/add_user_type_column.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
23
Migration: add_workout_exercises_junction_tables.sql
database/migrations/add_workout_exercises_junction_tables.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
24
Migration: add_workout_split_days.sql
database/migrations/add_workout_split_days.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
25
Migration: cleanup_old_workout_tables.sql
database/migrations/cleanup_old_workout_tables.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
26
Migration: create_admin_audit_logs.sql
database/migrations/create_admin_audit_logs.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
27
Migration: create_admin_notifications.sql
database/migrations/create_admin_notifications.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
28
Migration: create_admin_settings.sql
database/migrations/create_admin_settings.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
29
Migration: create_body_measurements.sql
database/migrations/create_body_measurements.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
30
Migration: enable_realtime_messages.sql
database/migrations/enable_realtime_messages.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
31
Migration: ensure_conversations_enriched_view.sql
database/migrations/ensure_conversations_enriched_view.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
32
Migration: extend_get_coach_clients.sql
database/migrations/extend_get_coach_clients.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
33
Migration: fix_admin_rls_policies.sql
database/migrations/fix_admin_rls_policies.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
34
Migration: fix_calculate_workout_session_stats_reps.sql
database/migrations/fix_calculate_workout_session_stats_reps.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
35
Migration: fix_conversations_enriched_security.sql
database/migrations/fix_conversations_enriched_security.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
36
Migration: fix_function_search_path.sql
database/migrations/fix_function_search_path.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
37
Migration: fix_get_client_progress_relationship.sql
database/migrations/fix_get_client_progress_relationship.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
38
Migration: fix_workout_session_stats_reps_parsing.sql
database/migrations/fix_workout_session_stats_reps_parsing.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
39
Migration: fix_workout_session_stats_trigger.sql
database/migrations/fix_workout_session_stats_trigger.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
40
Migration: fix_workout_structure.sql
database/migrations/fix_workout_structure.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
41
Migration: migrate_add_exercise_defaults.sql
database/migrations/migrate_add_exercise_defaults.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
42
Migration: remove_old_audit_log_table.sql
database/migrations/remove_old_audit_log_table.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
43
Migration: unify_workouts_design.sql
database/migrations/unify_workouts_design.sql
See SQL for affected relations; PostgreSQL DDL and DML
Versioned schema evolution for Supabase Postgres.
Table A.7: Backend and infrastructure feature inventory
Appendix D: n8n Workflow Verification Checklist
Workflow
Manual verification steps
Expected evidence
AI Session Prep v1
Create/find a confirmed booking within the next 24 hours; run workflow manually; confirm ai_session_notes row; confirm coach notification; run again.
n8n run summary with generated/skipped counts, ai_session_notes row, notification row with data.kind = ai_session_ready, second run without duplicate note.
Booking Reminders v1
Create/find confirmed booking starting within 60 minutes; run workflow manually; run again.
Client and coach notifications with data.kind = booking_starting_soon; second run skips duplicates for same booking/recipient/window.
Check-in Reminders v1
Create/find enabled schedule due today in UTC without a response; run workflow manually; run again.
Client notification with data.kind = check_in_due; second run without duplicate reminder.
Coach Daily Digest v1
Create/find coach with at least one digest signal; run workflow manually; run again.
Coach notification with data.kind = coach_daily_digest and counts for missed check-ins, low wellness, upcoming sessions, or inactive clients; no duplicate for same UTC date.
Admin Ops Digest v1
Confirm at least one admin profile; run workflow manually; run again.
admin_notifications row per admin with title Daily ops digest and deterministic date link; no duplicate for same date.
Table A.8: n8n workflow verification checklist
Appendix E: AI Validation Checklist
Checklist item
Expected evidence
Status
Pose detection works on device
MediaPipe debug values show pose count, landmarks, visibility, and inference time.
Partially validated on Android development client.
Segmentation mask is usable
Person-mask coverage, class grid, connected component, and scan-line debug values are reviewed.
Needs broader validation.
Measurements are compared with tape
Chest, waist, hip, and shoulder tape values are recorded and compared with AI drafts.
Protocol defined; dataset must be expanded.
Confidence is honest
Low-quality scans reduce confidence and produce warnings.
Needs continued refinement.
LLM outputs are scoped
Prompts use only selected data and instruct the model not to invent medical facts.
Implemented in workflow design.
AI results remain reviewable
Users and coaches can interpret or override AI assistance.
Design principle defined.
Table A.9: AI validation checklist
Appendix F: Remaining Work Before Final Submission
Area
Task
Reason
Report formatting
Update table of contents, list of figures, list of tables, page numbers, university names, supervisors, and final screenshots.
Required for institutional submission.
Visual evidence
Replace generated diagram drafts with final UML exports and real application screenshots where required.
Improves credibility and alignment with the example report style.
Mobile QA
Run full Android and iOS tests, including auth, workouts, progress, marketplace, coach flows, notifications, and AI measurement.
Confirms behavior on real devices.
AI validation
Collect a larger set of tape measurements and photo captures under controlled conditions.
Needed to quantify accuracy and improve confidence scoring.
Deployment
Finalize EAS builds, admin hosting, Supabase environment variables, Edge Functions, and monitoring.
Required before production release.
Security review
Confirm RLS policies, admin-role checks, service-role boundaries, storage permissions, and prompt-data exposure.
Protects personal and operational data.
Table A.10: Remaining work